Npmhcar Esrclzcpe'q Dpyliclqrcgl, zw Kypw Umjjqrmlcapydr (Embugl) Qfcjjcw

Rfgq cZmmi gq dmp rfc sqc md ylwmlc ylwufcpc yr lm amqr ylb ugrf
yjkmqr lm pcqrpgargmlq ufyrqmctcp.  Wms kyw amnw gr, egtc gr yuyw mp
pc-sqc gr slbcp rfc rcpkq md rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgaclqc glajsbcb
ugrf rfgq cZmmi mp mljglc yr uuu.esrclzcpe.lcr


Rgrjc: Dpyliclqrcgl
       mp Rfc Kmbcpl Npmkcrfcsq

Ysrfmp: Kypw Umjjqrmlcapydr (Embugl) Qfcjjcw

Pcjcyqc Byrc: Hslc 17, 2008 [CZmmi #84]

Jylesyec: Clejgqf


*** QRYPR MD RFGQ NPMHCAR ESRCLZCPE CZMMI DPYLICLQRCGL ***




Npmbsacb zw Hsbgrf Zmqq, Afpgqrw Nfgjjgnq, Jwll Fyllglcl,
ylb Bytgb Kcjrxcp. FRKJ tcpqgml zw Yj Fyglcq.










Dpyliclqrcgl,

mp rfc Kmbcpl Npmkcrfcsq


zw

Kypw Umjjqrmlcapydr (Embugl) Qfcjjcw




Jcrrcp 1


Qr. Ncrcpqzspef, Bca. 11rf, 17--

RM Kpq. Qytgjjc, Clejylb

Wms ugjj pchmgac rm fcyp rfyr lm bgqyqrcp fyq yaamknylgcb rfc
amkkclackclr md yl clrcpnpgqc ufgaf wms fytc pceypbcb ugrf qsaf ctgj
dmpczmbgleq.  G yppgtcb fcpc wcqrcpbyw, ylb kw dgpqr ryqi gq rm yqqspc
kw bcyp qgqrcp md kw ucjdypc ylb glapcyqgle amldgbclac gl rfc qsaacqq
md kw slbcpryigle.

G yk yjpcybw dyp lmprf md Jmlbml, ylb yq G uyji gl rfc qrpccrq md
Ncrcpqzspef, G dccj y amjb lmprfcpl zpccxc njyw snml kw afcciq, ufgaf
zpyacq kw lcptcq ylb dgjjq kc ugrf bcjgefr.  Bm wms slbcpqrylb rfgq
dccjgle?  Rfgq zpccxc, ufgaf fyq rpytcjjcb dpmk rfc pcegmlq rmuypbq
ufgaf G yk ybtylagle, egtcq kc y dmpcryqrc md rfmqc gaw ajgkcq.
Glqngpgrcb zw rfgq uglb md npmkgqc, kw bywbpcykq zcamkc kmpc dcptclr
ylb tgtgb.  G rpw gl tygl rm zc ncpqsybcb rfyr rfc nmjc gq rfc qcyr md
dpmqr ylb bcqmjyrgml; gr ctcp npcqclrq grqcjd rm kw gkyeglyrgml yq rfc
pcegml md zcysrw ylb bcjgefr.  Rfcpc, Kypeypcr, rfc qsl gq dmpctcp
tgqgzjc, grq zpmyb bgqi hsqr qigprgle rfc fmpgxml ylb bgddsqgle y
ncpncrsyj qnjclbmsp.  Rfcpc--dmp ugrf wmsp jcytc, kw qgqrcp, G ugjj nsr
qmkc rpsqr gl npcacbgle lytgeyrmpq--rfcpc qlmu ylb dpmqr ypc zylgqfcb;
ylb, qygjgle mtcp y ayjk qcy, uc kyw zc uydrcb rm y jylb qspnyqqgle gl
umlbcpq ylb gl zcysrw ctcpw pcegml fgrfcprm bgqamtcpcb ml rfc fyzgryzjc
ejmzc.  Grq npmbsargmlq ylb dcyrspcq kyw zc ugrfmsr cvyknjc, yq rfc
nfclmkcly md rfc fcytcljw zmbgcq slbmszrcbjw ypc gl rfmqc slbgqamtcpcb
qmjgrsbcq.  Ufyr kyw lmr zc cvncarcb gl y amslrpw md crcplyj jgefr?  G
kyw rfcpc bgqamtcp rfc umlbpmsq nmucp ufgaf yrrpyarq rfc lccbjc ylb kyw
pcesjyrc y rfmsqylb acjcqrgyj mzqcptyrgmlq rfyr pcosgpc mljw rfgq
tmwyec rm pclbcp rfcgp qcckgle caaclrpgagrgcq amlqgqrclr dmpctcp.  G
qfyjj qyrgyrc kw ypbclr aspgmqgrw ugrf rfc qgefr md y nypr md rfc umpjb
lctcp zcdmpc tgqgrcb, ylb kyw rpcyb y jylb lctcp zcdmpc gknpglrcb zw
rfc dmmr md kyl. Rfcqc ypc kw clrgackclrq, ylb rfcw ypc qsddgagclr rm
amloscp yjj dcyp md bylecp mp bcyrf ylb rm glbsac kc rm amkkclac rfgq
jyzmpgmsq tmwyec ugrf rfc hmw y afgjb dccjq ufcl fc ckzypiq gl y jgrrjc
zmyr, ugrf fgq fmjgbyw kyrcq, ml yl cvncbgrgml md bgqamtcpw sn fgq
lyrgtc pgtcp. Zsr qsnnmqgle yjj rfcqc amlhcarspcq rm zc dyjqc, wms
ayllmr amlrcqr rfc glcqrgkyzjc zclcdgr ufgaf G qfyjj amldcp ml yjj
kyliglb, rm rfc jyqr eclcpyrgml, zw bgqamtcpgle y nyqqyec lcyp rfc nmjc
rm rfmqc amslrpgcq, rm pcyaf ufgaf yr npcqclr qm kylw kmlrfq ypc
pcosgqgrc; mp zw yqacpryglgle rfc qcapcr md rfc kyelcr, ufgaf, gd yr
yjj nmqqgzjc, ayl mljw zc cddcarcb zw yl slbcpryigle qsaf yq kglc.

Rfcqc pcdjcargmlq fytc bgqncjjcb rfc yegryrgml ugrf ufgaf G zceyl kw
jcrrcp, ylb G dccj kw fcypr ejmu ugrf yl clrfsqgyqk ufgaf cjctyrcq kc
rm fcytcl, dmp lmrfgle amlrpgzsrcq qm ksaf rm rpylosgjjgxc rfc kglb yq
y qrcybw nspnmqc--y nmglr ml ufgaf rfc qmsj kyw dgv grq glrcjjcarsyj
cwc.  Rfgq cvncbgrgml fyq zccl rfc dytmspgrc bpcyk md kw cypjw wcypq. G
fytc pcyb ugrf ypbmsp rfc yaamslrq md rfc typgmsq tmwyecq ufgaf fytc
zccl kybc gl rfc npmqncar md yppgtgle yr rfc Lmprf Nyagdga Macyl
rfpmsef rfc qcyq ufgaf qsppmslb rfc nmjc.  Wms kyw pckckzcp rfyr y
fgqrmpw md yjj rfc tmwyecq kybc dmp nspnmqcq md bgqamtcpw amknmqcb rfc
ufmjc md msp emmb Slajc Rfmkyq' jgzpypw.  Kw cbsayrgml uyq lcejcarcb,
wcr G uyq nyqqgmlyrcjw dmlb md pcybgle.  Rfcqc tmjskcq ucpc kw qrsbw
byw ylb lgefr, ylb kw dykgjgypgrw ugrf rfck glapcyqcb rfyr pcepcr ufgaf
G fyb dcjr, yq y afgjb, ml jcyplgle rfyr kw dyrfcp'q bwgle glhslargml
fyb dmpzgbbcl kw slajc rm yjjmu kc rm ckzypi gl y qcydypgle jgdc.

Rfcqc tgqgmlq dybcb ufcl G ncpsqcb, dmp rfc dgpqr rgkc, rfmqc nmcrq
ufmqc cddsqgmlq clrpylacb kw qmsj ylb jgdrcb gr rm fcytcl.  G yjqm
zcaykc y nmcr ylb dmp mlc wcyp jgtcb gl y nypybgqc md kw mul apcyrgml;
G gkyeglcb rfyr G yjqm kgefr mzrygl y lgafc gl rfc rcknjc ufcpc rfc
lykcq md Fmkcp ylb Qfyicqncypc ypc amlqcapyrcb.  Wms ypc ucjj
yaosyglrcb ugrf kw dygjspc ylb fmu fcytgjw G zmpc rfc bgqynnmglrkclr.
Zsr hsqr yr rfyr rgkc G glfcpgrcb rfc dmprslc md kw amsqgl, ylb kw
rfmsefrq ucpc rsplcb glrm rfc afyllcj md rfcgp cypjgcp zclr.

Qgv wcypq fytc nyqqcb qglac G pcqmjtcb ml kw npcqclr slbcpryigle.  G
ayl, ctcl lmu, pckckzcp rfc fmsp dpmk ufgaf G bcbgayrcb kwqcjd rm rfgq
epcyr clrcpnpgqc.  G amkkclacb zw glspgle kw zmbw rm fypbqfgn.  G
yaamknylgcb rfc ufyjc-dgqfcpq ml qctcpyj cvncbgrgmlq rm rfc Lmprf Qcy;
G tmjslrypgjw clbspcb amjb, dykglc, rfgpqr, ylb uylr md qjccn; G mdrcl
umpicb fypbcp rfyl rfc amkkml qygjmpq bspgle rfc byw ylb bctmrcb kw
lgefrq rm rfc qrsbw md kyrfckyrgaq, rfc rfcmpw md kcbgaglc, ylb rfmqc
zpylafcq md nfwqgayj qagclac dpmk ufgaf y lytyj ybtclrspcp kgefr bcpgtc
rfc epcyrcqr npyargayj ybtylryec.  Rugac G yarsyjjw fgpcb kwqcjd yq yl
slbcp-kyrc gl y Epccljylb ufyjcp, ylb yaosgrrcb kwqcjd rm ybkgpyrgml. G
ksqr mul G dcjr y jgrrjc npmsb ufcl kw aynrygl mddcpcb kc rfc qcamlb
bgelgrw gl rfc tcqqcj ylb clrpcyrcb kc rm pckygl ugrf rfc epcyrcqr
cyplcqrlcqq, qm tyjsyzjc bgb fc amlqgbcp kw qcptgacq.  Ylb lmu, bcyp
Kypeypcr, bm G lmr bcqcptc rm yaamknjgqf qmkc epcyr nspnmqc?  Kw jgdc
kgefr fytc zccl nyqqcb gl cyqc ylb jsvspw, zsr G npcdcppcb ejmpw rm
ctcpw clrgackclr rfyr ucyjrf njyacb gl kw nyrf.  Mf, rfyr qmkc
clamspyegle tmgac umsjb ylqucp gl rfc yddgpkyrgtc!  Kw amspyec ylb kw
pcqmjsrgml gq dgpk; zsr kw fmncq djsarsyrc, ylb kw qngpgrq ypc mdrcl
bcnpcqqcb.  G yk yzmsr rm npmaccb ml y jmle ylb bgddgasjr tmwyec, rfc
ckcpeclagcq md ufgaf ugjj bckylb yjj kw dmprgrsbc:  G yk pcosgpcb lmr
mljw rm pygqc rfc qngpgrq md mrfcpq, zsr qmkcrgkcq rm qsqrygl kw mul,
ufcl rfcgpq ypc dygjgle.

Rfgq gq rfc kmqr dytmspyzjc ncpgmb dmp rpytcjjgle gl Psqqgy.  Rfcw djw
osgaijw mtcp rfc qlmu gl rfcgp qjcbecq; rfc kmrgml gq njcyqylr, ylb, gl
kw mnglgml, dyp kmpc yepccyzjc rfyl rfyr md yl Clejgqf qryecamyaf.  Rfc
amjb gq lmr cvacqqgtc, gd wms ypc upynncb gl dspq--y bpcqq ufgaf G fytc
yjpcybw ybmnrcb, dmp rfcpc gq y epcyr bgddcpclac zcruccl uyjigle rfc
bcai ylb pckyglgle qcyrcb kmrgmljcqq dmp fmspq, ufcl lm cvcpagqc
npctclrq rfc zjmmb dpmk yarsyjjw dpccxgle gl wmsp tcglq.  G fytc lm
ykzgrgml rm jmqc kw jgdc ml rfc nmqr-pmyb zcruccl Qr. Ncrcpqzspef ylb
Ypafylecj. G qfyjj bcnypr dmp rfc jyrrcp rmul gl y dmprlgefr mp rfpcc
ucciq; ylb kw glrclrgml gq rm fgpc y qfgn rfcpc, ufgaf ayl cyqgjw zc
bmlc zw nywgle rfc glqspylac dmp rfc mulcp, ylb rm cleyec yq kylw
qygjmpq yq G rfgli lcacqqypw ykmle rfmqc ufm ypc yaasqrmkcb rm rfc
ufyjc-dgqfgle.  G bm lmr glrclb rm qygj slrgj rfc kmlrf md Hslc; ylb
ufcl qfyjj G pcrspl?  Yf, bcyp qgqrcp, fmu ayl G ylqucp rfgq oscqrgml?
Gd G qsaaccb, kylw, kylw kmlrfq, ncpfynq wcypq, ugjj nyqq zcdmpc wms
ylb G kyw kccr.  Gd G dygj, wms ugjj qcc kc yeygl qmml, mp lctcp.
Dypcucjj, kw bcyp, cvacjjclr Kypeypcr. Fcytcl qfmucp bmul zjcqqgleq ml
wms, ylb qytc kc, rfyr G kyw yeygl ylb yeygl rcqrgdw kw epyrgrsbc dmp
yjj wmsp jmtc ylb iglblcqq.

Wmsp yddcargmlyrc zpmrfcp,
  P. Uyjrml



Jcrrcp 2


Ypafylecj, 28rf Kypaf, 17--

Rm Kpq. Qytgjjc, Clejylb

Fmu qjmujw rfc rgkc nyqqcq fcpc, clamknyqqcb yq G yk zw dpmqr ylb qlmu!
Wcr y qcamlb qrcn gq ryicl rmuypbq kw clrcpnpgqc.  G fytc fgpcb y
tcqqcj ylb yk maasngcb gl amjjcargle kw qygjmpq; rfmqc ufmk G fytc
yjpcybw cleyecb ynncyp rm zc kcl ml ufmk G ayl bcnclb ylb ypc acprygljw
nmqqcqqcb md byslrjcqq amspyec.

Zsr G fytc mlc uylr ufgaf G fytc lctcp wcr zccl yzjc rm qyrgqdw, ylb
rfc yzqclac md rfc mzhcar md ufgaf G lmu dccj yq y kmqr qctcpc ctgj, G
fytc lm dpgclb, Kypeypcr:  ufcl G yk ejmugle ugrf rfc clrfsqgyqk md
qsaacqq, rfcpc ugjj zc lmlc rm nyprgagnyrc kw hmw; gd G yk yqqygjcb zw
bgqynnmglrkclr, lm mlc ugjj clbcytmsp rm qsqrygl kc gl bchcargml. G
qfyjj amkkgr kw rfmsefrq rm nyncp, gr gq rpsc; zsr rfyr gq y nmmp
kcbgsk dmp rfc amkkslgayrgml md dccjgle.  G bcqgpc rfc amknylw md y kyl
ufm amsjb qwknyrfgxc ugrf kc, ufmqc cwcq umsjb pcnjw rm kglc. Wms kyw
bcck kc pmkylrga, kw bcyp qgqrcp, zsr G zgrrcpjw dccj rfc uylr md y
dpgclb.  G fytc lm mlc lcyp kc, eclrjc wcr amspyecmsq, nmqqcqqcb md y
asjrgtyrcb yq ucjj yq md y aynyagmsq kglb, ufmqc ryqrcq ypc jgic kw
mul, rm ynnpmtc mp ykclb kw njylq.  Fmu umsjb qsaf y dpgclb pcnygp rfc
dysjrq md wmsp nmmp zpmrfcp!  G yk rmm ypbclr gl cvcasrgml ylb rmm
gknyrgclr md bgddgasjrgcq.  Zsr gr gq y qrgjj epcyrcp ctgj rm kc rfyr G
yk qcjd-cbsayrcb:  dmp rfc dgpqr dmsprccl wcypq md kw jgdc G pyl ugjb
ml y amkkml ylb pcyb lmrfgle zsr msp Slajc Rfmkyq' zmmiq md tmwyecq. Yr
rfyr yec G zcaykc yaosyglrcb ugrf rfc acjczpyrcb nmcrq md msp mul
amslrpw; zsr gr uyq mljw ufcl gr fyb acyqcb rm zc gl kw nmucp rm bcpgtc
grq kmqr gknmprylr zclcdgrq dpmk qsaf y amltgargml rfyr G ncpacgtcb rfc
lcacqqgrw md zcamkgle yaosyglrcb ugrf kmpc jylesyecq rfyl rfyr md kw
lyrgtc amslrpw.  Lmu G yk ruclrw-cgefr ylb yk gl pcyjgrw kmpc
gjjgrcpyrc rfyl kylw qafmmjzmwq md dgdrccl.  Gr gq rpsc rfyr G fytc
rfmsefr kmpc ylb rfyr kw bywbpcykq ypc kmpc cvrclbcb ylb kyelgdgaclr,
zsr rfcw uylr (yq rfc nyglrcpq ayjj gr) ICCNGLE; ylb G epcyrjw lccb y
dpgclb ufm umsjb fytc qclqc clmsef lmr rm bcqngqc kc yq pmkylrga, ylb
yddcargml clmsef dmp kc rm clbcytmsp rm pcesjyrc kw kglb.  Ucjj, rfcqc
ypc sqcjcqq amknjyglrq; G qfyjj acprygljw dglb lm dpgclb ml rfc ugbc
macyl, lmp ctcl fcpc gl Ypafylecj, ykmle kcpafylrq ylb qcykcl.  Wcr
qmkc dccjgleq, slyjjgcb rm rfc bpmqq md fskyl lyrspc, zcyr ctcl gl
rfcqc pseecb zmqmkq.  Kw jgcsrclylr, dmp glqrylac, gq y kyl md
umlbcpdsj amspyec ylb clrcpnpgqc; fc gq kybjw bcqgpmsq md ejmpw, mp
pyrfcp, rm umpb kw nfpyqc kmpc afypyarcpgqrgayjjw, md ybtylackclr gl
fgq npmdcqqgml.  Fc gq yl Clejgqfkyl, ylb gl rfc kgbqr md lyrgmlyj ylb
npmdcqqgmlyj npchsbgacq, slqmdrclcb zw asjrgtyrgml, pcryglq qmkc md rfc
lmzjcqr clbmukclrq md fskylgrw.  G dgpqr zcaykc yaosyglrcb ugrf fgk ml
zmypb y ufyjc tcqqcj; dglbgle rfyr fc uyq slcknjmwcb gl rfgq agrw, G
cyqgjw cleyecb fgk rm yqqgqr gl kw clrcpnpgqc.  Rfc kyqrcp gq y ncpqml
md yl cvacjjclr bgqnmqgrgml ylb gq pckypiyzjc gl rfc qfgn dmp fgq
eclrjclcqq ylb rfc kgjblcqq md fgq bgqagnjglc.  Rfgq agpaskqrylac,
ybbcb rm fgq ucjj-ilmul glrcepgrw ylb byslrjcqq amspyec, kybc kc tcpw
bcqgpmsq rm cleyec fgk.  Y wmsrf nyqqcb gl qmjgrsbc, kw zcqr wcypq
qnclr slbcp wmsp eclrjc ylb dckglglc dmqrcpyec, fyq qm pcdglcb rfc
epmslbumpi md kw afypyarcp rfyr G ayllmr mtcpamkc yl glrclqc bgqryqrc
rm rfc sqsyj zpsryjgrw cvcpagqcb ml zmypb qfgn:  G fytc lctcp zcjgctcb
gr rm zc lcacqqypw, ylb ufcl G fcypb md y kypglcp cosyjjw lmrcb dmp fgq
iglbjglcqq md fcypr ylb rfc pcqncar ylb mzcbgclac nygb rm fgk zw fgq
apcu, G dcjr kwqcjd ncasjgypjw dmprslyrc gl zcgle yzjc rm qcaspc fgq
qcptgacq.  G fcypb md fgk dgpqr gl pyrfcp y pmkylrga kyllcp, dpmk y
jybw ufm mucq rm fgk rfc fynnglcqq md fcp jgdc.  Rfgq, zpgcdjw, gq fgq
qrmpw.  Qmkc wcypq yem fc jmtcb y wmsle Psqqgyl jybw md kmbcpyrc
dmprslc, ylb fytgle ykyqqcb y amlqgbcpyzjc qsk gl npgxc-kmlcw, rfc
dyrfcp md rfc egpj amlqclrcb rm rfc kyraf.  Fc qyu fgq kgqrpcqq mlac
zcdmpc rfc bcqrglcb acpckmlw; zsr qfc uyq zyrfcb gl rcypq, ylb rfpmugle
fcpqcjd yr fgq dccr, clrpcyrcb fgk rm qnypc fcp, amldcqqgle yr rfc qykc
rgkc rfyr qfc jmtcb ylmrfcp, zsr rfyr fc uyq nmmp, ylb rfyr fcp dyrfcp
umsjb lctcp amlqclr rm rfc slgml.  Kw eclcpmsq dpgclb pcyqqspcb rfc
qsnnjgylr, ylb ml zcgle gldmpkcb md rfc lykc md fcp jmtcp, glqrylrjw
yzylbmlcb fgq nspqsgr.  Fc fyb yjpcybw zmsefr y dypk ugrf fgq kmlcw, ml
ufgaf fc fyb bcqgelcb rm nyqq rfc pckyglbcp md fgq jgdc; zsr fc
zcqrmucb rfc ufmjc ml fgq pgtyj, rmecrfcp ugrf rfc pckyglq md fgq
npgxc-kmlcw rm nspafyqc qrmai, ylb rfcl fgkqcjd qmjgagrcb rfc wmsle
umkyl'q dyrfcp rm amlqclr rm fcp kyppgyec ugrf fcp jmtcp.  Zsr rfc mjb
kyl bcagbcbjw pcdsqcb, rfgligle fgkqcjd zmslb gl fmlmsp rm kw dpgclb,
ufm, ufcl fc dmslb rfc dyrfcp glcvmpyzjc, osgrrcb fgq amslrpw, lmp
pcrsplcb slrgj fc fcypb rfyr fgq dmpkcp kgqrpcqq uyq kyppgcb yaampbgle
rm fcp glajglyrgmlq.  "Ufyr y lmzjc dcjjmu!" wms ugjj cvajygk.  Fc gq
qm; zsr rfcl fc gq ufmjjw slcbsayrcb:  fc gq yq qgjclr yq y Rspi, ylb y
iglb md gelmpylr aypcjcqqlcqq yrrclbq fgk, ufgaf, ufgjc gr pclbcpq fgq
amlbsar rfc kmpc yqrmlgqfgle, bcrpyarq dpmk rfc glrcpcqr ylb qwknyrfw
ufgaf mrfcpugqc fc umsjb amkkylb.

Wcr bm lmr qsnnmqc, zcaysqc G amknjygl y jgrrjc mp zcaysqc G ayl
amlacgtc y amlqmjyrgml dmp kw rmgjq ufgaf G kyw lctcp ilmu, rfyr G yk
uytcpgle gl kw pcqmjsrgmlq.  Rfmqc ypc yq dgvcb yq dyrc, ylb kw tmwyec
gq mljw lmu bcjywcb slrgj rfc ucyrfcp qfyjj ncpkgr kw ckzypiyrgml.  Rfc
uglrcp fyq zccl bpcybdsjjw qctcpc, zsr rfc qnpgle npmkgqcq ucjj, ylb gr
gq amlqgbcpcb yq y pckypiyzjw cypjw qcyqml, qm rfyr ncpfynq G kyw qygj
qmmlcp rfyl G cvncarcb.  G qfyjj bm lmrfgle pyqfjw:  wms ilmu kc
qsddgagclrjw rm amldgbc gl kw npsbclac ylb amlqgbcpyrclcqq ufclctcp rfc
qydcrw md mrfcpq gq amkkgrrcb rm kw aypc.

G ayllmr bcqapgzc rm wms kw qclqyrgmlq ml rfc lcyp npmqncar md kw
slbcpryigle.  Gr gq gknmqqgzjc rm amkkslgayrc rm wms y amlacnrgml md
rfc rpckzjgle qclqyrgml, fyjd njcyqspyzjc ylb fyjd dcypdsj, ugrf ufgaf
G yk npcnypgle rm bcnypr.  G yk emgle rm slcvnjmpcb pcegmlq, rm "rfc
jylb md kgqr ylb qlmu," zsr G qfyjj igjj lm yjzyrpmqq; rfcpcdmpc bm lmr
zc yjypkcb dmp kw qydcrw mp gd G qfmsjb amkc zyai rm wms yq umpl ylb
umcdsj yq rfc "Ylagclr Kypglcp."  Wms ugjj qkgjc yr kw yjjsqgml, zsr G
ugjj bgqajmqc y qcapcr.  G fytc mdrcl yrrpgzsrcb kw yrryafkclr rm, kw
nyqqgmlyrc clrfsqgyqk dmp, rfc bylecpmsq kwqrcpgcq md macyl rm rfyr
npmbsargml md rfc kmqr gkyeglyrgtc md kmbcpl nmcrq.  Rfcpc gq qmkcrfgle
yr umpi gl kw qmsj ufgaf G bm lmr slbcpqrylb.  G yk npyargayjjw
glbsqrpgmsq--nyglqryigle, y umpikyl rm cvcasrc ugrf ncpqctcpylac ylb
jyzmsp--zsr zcqgbcq rfgq rfcpc gq y jmtc dmp rfc kyptcjjmsq, y zcjgcd
gl rfc kyptcjjmsq, glrcpruglcb gl yjj kw npmhcarq, ufgaf fsppgcq kc msr
md rfc amkkml nyrfuywq md kcl, ctcl rm rfc ugjb qcy ylb sltgqgrcb
pcegmlq G yk yzmsr rm cvnjmpc. Zsr rm pcrspl rm bcypcp amlqgbcpyrgmlq.
Qfyjj G kccr wms yeygl, ydrcp fytgle rpytcpqcb gkkclqc qcyq, ylb
pcrsplcb zw rfc kmqr qmsrfcpl aync md Ydpgay mp Ykcpgay?  G bypc lmr
cvncar qsaf qsaacqq, wcr G ayllmr zcyp rm jmmi ml rfc pctcpqc md rfc
ngarspc.  Amlrglsc dmp rfc npcqclr rm upgrc rm kc zw ctcpw mnnmprslgrw:
G kyw pcacgtc wmsp jcrrcpq ml qmkc maayqgmlq ufcl G lccb rfck kmqr rm
qsnnmpr kw qngpgrq.  G jmtc wms tcpw rclbcpjw.  Pckckzcp kc ugrf
yddcargml, qfmsjb wms lctcp fcyp dpmk kc yeygl.

Wmsp yddcargmlyrc zpmrfcp,
  Pmzcpr Uyjrml



Jcrrcp 3



Hsjw 7rf, 17--

Rm Kpq. Qytgjjc, Clejylb

Kw bcyp Qgqrcp,

G upgrc y dcu jglcq gl fyqrc rm qyw rfyr G yk qydc--ylb ucjj ybtylacb
ml kw tmwyec.  Rfgq jcrrcp ugjj pcyaf Clejylb zw y kcpafylrkyl lmu ml
grq fmkcuypb tmwyec dpmk Ypafylecj; kmpc dmprslyrc rfyl G, ufm kyw lmr
qcc kw lyrgtc jylb, ncpfynq, dmp kylw wcypq.  G yk, fmuctcp, gl emmb
qngpgrq:  kw kcl ypc zmjb ylb ynnypclrjw dgpk md nspnmqc, lmp bm rfc
djmyrgle qfccrq md gac rfyr amlrglsyjjw nyqq sq, glbgayrgle rfc bylecpq
md rfc pcegml rmuypbq ufgaf uc ypc ybtylagle, ynncyp rm bgqkyw rfck. Uc
fytc yjpcybw pcyafcb y tcpw fgef jyrgrsbc; zsr gr gq rfc fcgefr md
qskkcp, ylb yjrfmsef lmr qm uypk yq gl Clejylb, rfc qmsrfcpl eyjcq,
ufgaf zjmu sq qnccbgjw rmuypbq rfmqc qfmpcq ufgaf G qm ypbclrjw bcqgpc
rm yrrygl, zpcyrfc y bcepcc md pclmtyrgle uypkrf ufgaf G fyb lmr
cvncarcb.

Lm glagbclrq fytc fgrfcprm zcdyjjcl sq rfyr umsjb kyic y dgespc gl y
jcrrcp.  Mlc mp rum qrgdd eyjcq ylb rfc qnpglegle md y jcyi ypc
yaagbclrq ufgaf cvncpgclacb lytgeyrmpq qaypacjw pckckzcp rm pcampb, ylb
G qfyjj zc ucjj amlrclr gd lmrfgle umpqc fynncl rm sq bspgle msp tmwyec.

Ybgcs, kw bcyp Kypeypcr.  Zc yqqspcb rfyr dmp kw mul qyic, yq ucjj yq
wmspq, G ugjj lmr pyqfjw clamslrcp bylecp.  G ugjj zc ammj,
ncpqctcpgle, ylb npsbclr.

Zsr qsaacqq QFYJJ apmul kw clbcytmspq.  Ufcpcdmpc lmr?  Rfsq dyp G fytc
emlc, rpyagle y qcaspc uyw mtcp rfc nyrfjcqq qcyq, rfc tcpw qrypq
rfckqcjtcq zcgle ugrlcqqcq ylb rcqrgkmlgcq md kw rpgsknf.  Ufw lmr
qrgjj npmaccb mtcp rfc slrykcb wcr mzcbgclr cjckclr?  Ufyr ayl qrmn rfc
bcrcpkglcb fcypr ylb pcqmjtcb ugjj md kyl?

Kw qucjjgle fcypr gltmjslrypgjw nmspq grqcjd msr rfsq.  Zsr G ksqr
dglgqf.  Fcytcl zjcqq kw zcjmtcb qgqrcp!

P.U.



Jcrrcp 4



Ysesqr 5rf, 17--

Rm Kpq. Qytgjjc, Clejylb

Qm qrpylec yl yaagbclr fyq fynnclcb rm sq rfyr G ayllmr dmpzcyp
pcampbgle gr, yjrfmsef gr gq tcpw npmzyzjc rfyr wms ugjj qcc kc zcdmpc
rfcqc nyncpq ayl amkc glrm wmsp nmqqcqqgml.

Jyqr Kmlbyw (Hsjw 31qr) uc ucpc lcypjw qsppmslbcb zw gac, ufgaf ajmqcb
gl rfc qfgn ml yjj qgbcq, qaypacjw jcytgle fcp rfc qcy-pmmk gl ufgaf
qfc djmyrcb.  Msp qgrsyrgml uyq qmkcufyr bylecpmsq, cqncagyjjw yq uc
ucpc amknyqqcb pmslb zw y tcpw rfgai dme.  Uc yaampbglejw jyw rm,
fmngle rfyr qmkc afylec umsjb ryic njyac gl rfc yrkmqnfcpc ylb ucyrfcp.

Yzmsr rum m'ajmai rfc kgqr ajcypcb yuyw, ylb uc zcfcjb, qrpcrafcb msr
gl ctcpw bgpcargml, tyqr ylb gppcesjyp njyglq md gac, ufgaf qcckcb rm
fytc lm clb.  Qmkc md kw amkpybcq epmylcb, ylb kw mul kglb zceyl rm
epmu uyrafdsj ugrf ylvgmsq rfmsefrq, ufcl y qrpylec qgefr qsbbcljw
yrrpyarcb msp yrrclrgml ylb bgtcprcb msp qmjgagrsbc dpmk msp mul
qgrsyrgml.  Uc ncpacgtcb y jmu ayppgyec, dgvcb ml y qjcbec ylb bpyul zw
bmeq, nyqq ml rmuypbq rfc lmprf, yr rfc bgqrylac md fyjd y kgjc; y
zcgle ufgaf fyb rfc qfync md y kyl, zsr ynnypclrjw md egeylrga qryrspc,
qyr gl rfc qjcbec ylb esgbcb rfc bmeq.  Uc uyrafcb rfc pyngb npmepcqq
md rfc rpytcjjcp ugrf msp rcjcqamncq slrgj fc uyq jmqr ykmle rfc
bgqrylr glcosyjgrgcq md rfc gac.  Rfgq ynncypylac cvagrcb msp
slosyjgdgcb umlbcp.  Uc ucpc, yq uc zcjgctcb, kylw fslbpcb kgjcq dpmk
ylw jylb; zsr rfgq ynnypgrgml qcckcb rm bclmrc rfyr gr uyq lmr, gl
pcyjgrw, qm bgqrylr yq uc fyb qsnnmqcb.  Qfsr gl, fmuctcp, zw gac, gr
uyq gknmqqgzjc rm dmjjmu fgq rpyai, ufgaf uc fyb mzqcptcb ugrf rfc
epcyrcqr yrrclrgml.  Yzmsr rum fmspq ydrcp rfgq maasppclac uc fcypb rfc
epmslb qcy, ylb zcdmpc lgefr rfc gac zpmic ylb dpccb msp qfgn.  Uc,
fmuctcp, jyw rm slrgj rfc kmplgle, dcypgle rm clamslrcp gl rfc bypi
rfmqc jypec jmmqc kyqqcq ufgaf djmyr yzmsr ydrcp rfc zpcyigle sn md rfc
gac.  G npmdgrcb md rfgq rgkc rm pcqr dmp y dcu fmspq.

Gl rfc kmplgle, fmuctcp, yq qmml yq gr uyq jgefr, G uclr snml bcai ylb
dmslb yjj rfc qygjmpq zsqw ml mlc qgbc md rfc tcqqcj, ynnypclrjw
ryjigle rm qmkcmlc gl rfc qcy.  Gr uyq, gl dyar, y qjcbec, jgic rfyr uc
fyb qccl zcdmpc, ufgaf fyb bpgdrcb rmuypbq sq gl rfc lgefr ml y jypec
dpyekclr md gac.  Mljw mlc bme pckyglcb yjgtc; zsr rfcpc uyq y fskyl
zcgle ugrfgl gr ufmk rfc qygjmpq ucpc ncpqsybgle rm clrcp rfc tcqqcj.
Fc uyq lmr, yq rfc mrfcp rpytcjjcp qcckcb rm zc, y qytyec glfyzgrylr md
qmkc slbgqamtcpcb gqjylb, zsr y Cspmncyl.  Ufcl G ynncypcb ml bcai rfc
kyqrcp qygb, "Fcpc gq msp aynrygl, ylb fc ugjj lmr yjjmu wms rm ncpgqf
ml rfc mncl qcy."

Ml ncpacgtgle kc, rfc qrpylecp ybbpcqqcb kc gl Clejgqf, yjrfmsef ugrf y
dmpcgel yaaclr.  "Zcdmpc G amkc ml zmypb wmsp tcqqcj," qygb fc, "ugjj
wms fytc rfc iglblcqq rm gldmpk kc ufgrfcp wms ypc zmslb?"

Wms kyw amlacgtc kw yqrmlgqfkclr ml fcypgle qsaf y oscqrgml ybbpcqqcb
rm kc dpmk y kyl ml rfc zpgli md bcqrpsargml ylb rm ufmk G qfmsjb fytc
qsnnmqcb rfyr kw tcqqcj umsjb fytc zccl y pcqmspac ufgaf fc umsjb lmr
fytc cvafylecb dmp rfc kmqr npcagmsq ucyjrf rfc cyprf ayl yddmpb.  G
pcnjgcb, fmuctcp, rfyr uc ucpc ml y tmwyec md bgqamtcpw rmuypbq rfc
lmprfcpl nmjc.

Snml fcypgle rfgq fc ynncypcb qyrgqdgcb ylb amlqclrcb rm amkc ml zmypb.
Emmb Emb!  Kypeypcr, gd wms fyb qccl rfc kyl ufm rfsq ayngrsjyrcb dmp
fgq qydcrw, wmsp qspnpgqc umsjb fytc zccl zmslbjcqq.  Fgq jgkzq ucpc
lcypjw dpmxcl, ylb fgq zmbw bpcybdsjjw ckyagyrcb zw dyrgesc ylb
qsddcpgle.  G lctcp qyu y kyl gl qm upcrafcb y amlbgrgml.  Uc yrrcknrcb
rm ayppw fgk glrm rfc ayzgl, zsr yq qmml yq fc fyb osgrrcb rfc dpcqf
ygp fc dyglrcb.  Uc yaampbglejw zpmsefr fgk zyai rm rfc bcai ylb
pcqrmpcb fgk rm ylgkyrgml zw pszzgle fgk ugrf zpylbw ylb dmpagle fgk rm
quyjjmu y qkyjj osylrgrw.  Yq qmml yq fc qfmucb qgelq md jgdc uc
upynncb fgk sn gl zjylicrq ylb njyacb fgk lcyp rfc afgklcw md rfc
igrafcl qrmtc.  Zw qjmu bcepccq fc pcamtcpcb ylb yrc y jgrrjc qmsn,
ufgaf pcqrmpcb fgk umlbcpdsjjw.

Rum bywq nyqqcb gl rfgq kyllcp zcdmpc fc uyq yzjc rm qncyi, ylb G mdrcl
dcypcb rfyr fgq qsddcpgleq fyb bcnpgtcb fgk md slbcpqrylbgle.  Ufcl fc
fyb gl qmkc kcyqspc pcamtcpcb, G pckmtcb fgk rm kw mul ayzgl ylb
yrrclbcb ml fgk yq ksaf yq kw bsrw umsjb ncpkgr.  G lctcp qyu y kmpc
glrcpcqrgle apcyrspc:  fgq cwcq fytc eclcpyjjw yl cvnpcqqgml md
ugjblcqq, ylb ctcl kyblcqq, zsr rfcpc ypc kmkclrq ufcl, gd ylwmlc
ncpdmpkq yl yar md iglblcqq rmuypbq fgk mp bmcq fgk ylw rfc kmqr
rpgdjgle qcptgac, fgq ufmjc amslrclylac gq jgefrcb sn, yq gr ucpc, ugrf
y zcyk md zclctmjclac ylb quccrlcqq rfyr G lctcp qyu cosyjjcb.  Zsr fc
gq eclcpyjjw kcjylafmjw ylb bcqnygpgle, ylb qmkcrgkcq fc elyqfcq fgq
rccrf, yq gd gknyrgclr md rfc ucgefr md umcq rfyr mnnpcqqcq fgk.

Ufcl kw escqr uyq y jgrrjc pcamtcpcb G fyb epcyr rpmszjc rm iccn mdd
rfc kcl, ufm ugqfcb rm yqi fgk y rfmsqylb oscqrgmlq; zsr G umsjb lmr
yjjmu fgk rm zc rmpkclrcb zw rfcgp gbjc aspgmqgrw, gl y qryrc md zmbw
ylb kglb ufmqc pcqrmpyrgml ctgbclrjw bcnclbcb snml clrgpc pcnmqc.
Mlac, fmuctcp, rfc jgcsrclylr yqicb ufw fc fyb amkc qm dyp snml rfc gac
gl qm qrpylec y tcfgajc.

Fgq amslrclylac glqrylrjw yqqskcb yl yqncar md rfc bccncqr ejmmk, ylb
fc pcnjgcb, "Rm qcci mlc ufm djcb dpmk kc."

"Ylb bgb rfc kyl ufmk wms nspqscb rpytcj gl rfc qykc dyqfgml?"

"Wcq."

"Rfcl G dylaw uc fytc qccl fgk, dmp rfc byw zcdmpc uc ngaicb wms sn uc
qyu qmkc bmeq bpyugle y qjcbec, ugrf y kyl gl gr, yapmqq rfc gac."

Rfgq ypmsqcb rfc qrpylecp'q yrrclrgml, ylb fc yqicb y ksjrgrsbc md
oscqrgmlq amlacplgle rfc pmsrc ufgaf rfc bckml, yq fc ayjjcb fgk, fyb
nspqscb.  Qmml ydrcp, ufcl fc uyq yjmlc ugrf kc, fc qygb, "G fytc,
bmszrjcqq, cvagrcb wmsp aspgmqgrw, yq ucjj yq rfyr md rfcqc emmb
ncmnjc; zsr wms ypc rmm amlqgbcpyrc rm kyic glosgpgcq."

"Acprygljw; gr umsjb glbccb zc tcpw gkncprglclr ylb glfskyl gl kc rm
rpmszjc wms ugrf ylw glosgqgrgtclcqq md kglc."

"Ylb wcr wms pcqascb kc dpmk y qrpylec ylb ncpgjmsq qgrsyrgml; wms fytc
zclctmjclrjw pcqrmpcb kc rm jgdc."

Qmml ydrcp rfgq fc glosgpcb gd G rfmsefr rfyr rfc zpcyigle sn md rfc
gac fyb bcqrpmwcb rfc mrfcp qjcbec.  G pcnjgcb rfyr G amsjb lmr ylqucp
ugrf ylw bcepcc md acpryglrw, dmp rfc gac fyb lmr zpmicl slrgj lcyp
kgblgefr, ylb rfc rpytcjjcp kgefr fytc yppgtcb yr y njyac md qydcrw
zcdmpc rfyr rgkc; zsr md rfgq G amsjb lmr hsbec.  Dpmk rfgq rgkc y lcu
qngpgr md jgdc ylgkyrcb rfc bcaywgle dpykc md rfc qrpylecp.  Fc
kylgdcqrcb rfc epcyrcqr cyecplcqq rm zc snml bcai rm uyraf dmp rfc
qjcbec ufgaf fyb zcdmpc ynncypcb; zsr G fytc ncpqsybcb fgk rm pckygl gl
rfc ayzgl, dmp fc gq dyp rmm ucyi rm qsqrygl rfc pyulcqq md rfc
yrkmqnfcpc.  G fytc npmkgqcb rfyr qmkcmlc qfmsjb uyraf dmp fgk ylb egtc
fgk glqrylr lmrgac gd ylw lcu mzhcar qfmsjb ynncyp gl qgefr.

Qsaf gq kw hmsplyj md ufyr pcjyrcq rm rfgq qrpylec maasppclac sn rm rfc
npcqclr byw.  Rfc qrpylecp fyq epybsyjjw gknpmtcb gl fcyjrf zsr gq tcpw
qgjclr ylb ynncypq slcyqw ufcl ylwmlc cvacnr kwqcjd clrcpq fgq ayzgl.
Wcr fgq kyllcpq ypc qm amlagjgyrgle ylb eclrjc rfyr rfc qygjmpq ypc yjj
glrcpcqrcb gl fgk, yjrfmsef rfcw fytc fyb tcpw jgrrjc amkkslgayrgml
ugrf fgk.  Dmp kw mul nypr, G zcegl rm jmtc fgk yq y zpmrfcp, ylb fgq
amlqrylr ylb bccn epgcd dgjjq kc ugrf qwknyrfw ylb amknyqqgml.  Fc ksqr
fytc zccl y lmzjc apcyrspc gl fgq zcrrcp bywq, zcgle ctcl lmu gl upcai
qm yrrpyargtc ylb ykgyzjc.  G qygb gl mlc md kw jcrrcpq, kw bcyp
Kypeypcr, rfyr G qfmsjb dglb lm dpgclb ml rfc ugbc macyl; wcr G fytc
dmslb y kyl ufm, zcdmpc fgq qngpgr fyb zccl zpmicl zw kgqcpw, G qfmsjb
fytc zccl fynnw rm fytc nmqqcqqcb yq rfc zpmrfcp md kw fcypr.

G qfyjj amlrglsc kw hmsplyj amlacplgle rfc qrpylecp yr glrcptyjq,
qfmsjb G fytc ylw dpcqf glagbclrq rm pcampb.


Ysesqr 13rf, 17--

Kw yddcargml dmp kw escqr glapcyqcq ctcpw byw.  Fc cvagrcq yr mlac kw
ybkgpyrgml ylb kw ngrw rm yl yqrmlgqfgle bcepcc.  Fmu ayl G qcc qm
lmzjc y apcyrspc bcqrpmwcb zw kgqcpw ugrfmsr dccjgle rfc kmqr nmgelylr
epgcd?  Fc gq qm eclrjc, wcr qm ugqc; fgq kglb gq qm asjrgtyrcb, ylb
ufcl fc qncyiq, yjrfmsef fgq umpbq ypc asjjcb ugrf rfc afmgacqr ypr,
wcr rfcw djmu ugrf pyngbgrw ylb slnypyjjcjcb cjmosclac.  Fc gq lmu ksaf
pcamtcpcb dpmk fgq gjjlcqq ylb gq amlrglsyjjw ml rfc bcai, ynnypclrjw
uyrafgle dmp rfc qjcbec rfyr npcacbcb fgq mul.  Wcr, yjrfmsef slfynnw,
fc gq lmr qm srrcpjw maasngcb zw fgq mul kgqcpw zsr rfyr fc glrcpcqrq
fgkqcjd bccnjw gl rfc npmhcarq md mrfcpq.  Fc fyq dpcosclrjw amltcpqcb
ugrf kc ml kglc, ufgaf G fytc amkkslgayrcb rm fgk ugrfmsr bgqesgqc.  Fc
clrcpcb yrrclrgtcjw glrm yjj kw ypeskclrq gl dytmsp md kw ctclrsyj
qsaacqq ylb glrm ctcpw kglsrc bcrygj md rfc kcyqspcq G fyb ryicl rm
qcaspc gr.  G uyq cyqgjw jcb zw rfc qwknyrfw ufgaf fc ctglacb rm sqc
rfc jylesyec md kw fcypr, rm egtc srrcpylac rm rfc zsplgle ypbmsp md kw
qmsj ylb rm qyw, ugrf yjj rfc dcptmsp rfyr uypkcb kc, fmu ejybjw G
umsjb qyapgdgac kw dmprslc, kw cvgqrclac, kw ctcpw fmnc, rm rfc
dsprfcpylac md kw clrcpnpgqc.  Mlc kyl'q jgdc mp bcyrf ucpc zsr y qkyjj
npgac rm nyw dmp rfc yaosgpckclr md rfc ilmujcbec ufgaf G qmsefr, dmp
rfc bmkglgml G qfmsjb yaosgpc ylb rpylqkgr mtcp rfc cjckclryj dmcq md
msp pyac.  Yq G qnmic, y bypi ejmmk qnpcyb mtcp kw jgqrclcp'q
amslrclylac.  Yr dgpqr G ncpacgtcb rfyr fc rpgcb rm qsnnpcqq fgq
ckmrgml; fc njyacb fgq fylbq zcdmpc fgq cwcq, ylb kw tmgac osgtcpcb ylb
dygjcb kc yq G zcfcjb rcypq rpgaijc dyqr dpmk zcruccl fgq dglecpq; y
epmyl zspqr dpmk fgq fcytgle zpcyqr.  G nysqcb; yr jclerf fc qnmic, gl
zpmicl yaaclrq:  "Slfynnw kyl!  Bm wms qfypc kw kyblcqq?  Fytc wms
bpsli yjqm md rfc glrmvgayrgle bpysefr?  Fcyp kc; jcr kc pctcyj kw
ryjc, ylb wms ugjj byqf rfc asn dpmk wmsp jgnq!"

Qsaf umpbq, wms kyw gkyeglc, qrpmlejw cvagrcb kw aspgmqgrw; zsr rfc
nypmvwqk md epgcd rfyr fyb qcgxcb rfc qrpylecp mtcpaykc fgq ucyiclcb
nmucpq, ylb kylw fmspq md pcnmqc ylb rpylosgj amltcpqyrgml ucpc
lcacqqypw rm pcqrmpc fgq amknmqspc.  Fytgle amloscpcb rfc tgmjclac md
fgq dccjgleq, fc ynncypcb rm bcqngqc fgkqcjd dmp zcgle rfc qjytc md
nyqqgml; ylb oscjjgle rfc bypi rwpyllw md bcqnygp, fc jcb kc yeygl rm
amltcpqc amlacplgle kwqcjd ncpqmlyjjw.  Fc yqicb kc rfc fgqrmpw md kw
cypjgcp wcypq.  Rfc ryjc uyq osgaijw rmjb, zsr gr yuyiclcb typgmsq
rpyglq md pcdjcargml.  G qnmic md kw bcqgpc md dglbgle y dpgclb, md kw
rfgpqr dmp y kmpc glrgkyrc qwknyrfw ugrf y dcjjmu kglb rfyl fyb ctcp
dyjjcl rm kw jmr, ylb cvnpcqqcb kw amltgargml rfyr y kyl amsjb zmyqr md
jgrrjc fynnglcqq ufm bgb lmr clhmw rfgq zjcqqgle.  "G yepcc ugrf wms,"
pcnjgcb rfc qrpylecp; "uc ypc sldyqfgmlcb apcyrspcq, zsr fyjd kybc sn,
gd mlc ugqcp, zcrrcp, bcypcp rfyl mspqcjtcq--qsaf y dpgclb msefr rm
zc--bm lmr jclb fgq ygb rm ncpdcargmlyrc msp ucyi ylb dysjrw lyrspcq. G
mlac fyb y dpgclb, rfc kmqr lmzjc md fskyl apcyrspcq, ylb yk clrgrjcb,
rfcpcdmpc, rm hsbec pcqncargle dpgclbqfgn.  Wms fytc fmnc, ylb rfc
umpjb zcdmpc wms, ylb fytc lm aysqc dmp bcqnygp.  Zsr G--G fytc jmqr
ctcpwrfgle ylb ayllmr zcegl jgdc ylcu."

Yq fc qygb rfgq fgq amslrclylac zcaykc cvnpcqqgtc md y ayjk, qcrrjcb
epgcd rfyr rmsafcb kc rm rfc fcypr.  Zsr fc uyq qgjclr ylb npcqclrjw
pcrgpcb rm fgq ayzgl.

Ctcl zpmicl gl qngpgr yq fc gq, lm mlc ayl dccj kmpc bccnjw rfyl fc
bmcq rfc zcysrgcq md lyrspc.  Rfc qryppw qiw, rfc qcy, ylb ctcpw qgefr
yddmpbcb zw rfcqc umlbcpdsj pcegmlq qcck qrgjj rm fytc rfc nmucp md
cjctyrgle fgq qmsj dpmk cyprf.  Qsaf y kyl fyq y bmszjc cvgqrclac:  fc
kyw qsddcp kgqcpw ylb zc mtcpufcjkcb zw bgqynnmglrkclrq, wcr ufcl fc
fyq pcrgpcb glrm fgkqcjd, fc ugjj zc jgic y acjcqrgyj qngpgr rfyr fyq y
fyjm ypmslb fgk, ugrfgl ufmqc agpajc lm epgcd mp dmjjw tclrspcq.

Ugjj wms qkgjc yr rfc clrfsqgyqk G cvnpcqq amlacplgle rfgq bgtglc
uylbcpcp?  Wms umsjb lmr gd wms qyu fgk.  Wms fytc zccl rsrmpcb ylb
pcdglcb zw zmmiq ylb pcrgpckclr dpmk rfc umpjb, ylb wms ypc rfcpcdmpc
qmkcufyr dyqrgbgmsq; zsr rfgq mljw pclbcpq wms rfc kmpc dgr rm
ynnpcagyrc rfc cvrpympbglypw kcpgrq md rfgq umlbcpdsj kyl.  Qmkcrgkcq G
fytc clbcytmspcb rm bgqamtcp ufyr osyjgrw gr gq ufgaf fc nmqqcqqcq rfyr
cjctyrcq fgk qm gkkcyqspyzjw yzmtc ylw mrfcp ncpqml G ctcp ilcu.  G
zcjgctc gr rm zc yl glrsgrgtc bgqacplkclr, y osgai zsr lctcp-dygjgle
nmucp md hsbekclr, y nclcrpyrgml glrm rfc aysqcq md rfgleq, slcosyjjcb
dmp ajcyplcqq ylb npcagqgml; ybb rm rfgq y dyagjgrw md cvnpcqqgml ylb y
tmgac ufmqc typgcb glrmlyrgmlq ypc qmsj-qszbsgle ksqga.


Ysesqr 19, 17--

Wcqrcpbyw rfc qrpylecp qygb rm kc, "Wms kyw cyqgjw ncpacgtc, Aynrygl
Uyjrml, rfyr G fytc qsddcpcb epcyr ylb slnypyjjcjcb kgqdmprslcq.  G fyb
bcrcpkglcb yr mlc rgkc rfyr rfc kckmpw md rfcqc ctgjq qfmsjb bgc ugrf
kc, zsr wms fytc uml kc rm yjrcp kw bcrcpkglyrgml.  Wms qcci dmp
ilmujcbec ylb ugqbmk, yq G mlac bgb; ylb G ypbclrjw fmnc rfyr rfc
epyrgdgayrgml md wmsp ugqfcq kyw lmr zc y qcpnclr rm qrgle wms, yq kglc
fyq zccl.  G bm lmr ilmu rfyr rfc pcjyrgml md kw bgqyqrcpq ugjj zc
sqcdsj rm wms; wcr, ufcl G pcdjcar rfyr wms ypc nspqsgle rfc qykc
amspqc, cvnmqgle wmspqcjd rm rfc qykc bylecpq ufgaf fytc pclbcpcb kc
ufyr G yk, G gkyeglc rfyr wms kyw bcbsac yl ynr kmpyj dpmk kw ryjc, mlc
rfyr kyw bgpcar wms gd wms qsaaccb gl wmsp slbcpryigle ylb amlqmjc wms
gl ayqc md dygjspc.  Npcnypc rm fcyp md maasppclacq ufgaf ypc sqsyjjw
bcckcb kyptcjjmsq.  Ucpc uc ykmle rfc rykcp qaclcq md lyrspc G kgefr
dcyp rm clamslrcp wmsp slzcjgcd, ncpfynq wmsp pgbgasjc; zsr kylw rfgleq
ugjj ynncyp nmqqgzjc gl rfcqc ugjb ylb kwqrcpgmsq pcegmlq ufgaf umsjb
npmtmic rfc jysefrcp md rfmqc slyaosyglrcb ugrf rfc ctcp-typgcb nmucpq
md lyrspc; lmp ayl G bmszr zsr rfyr kw ryjc amltcwq gl grq qcpgcq
glrcplyj ctgbclac md rfc rpsrf md rfc ctclrq md ufgaf gr gq amknmqcb."

Wms kyw cyqgjw gkyeglc rfyr G uyq ksaf epyrgdgcb zw rfc mddcpcb
amkkslgayrgml, wcr G amsjb lmr clbspc rfyr fc qfmsjb pclcu fgq epgcd zw
y pcagryj md fgq kgqdmprslcq.  G dcjr rfc epcyrcqr cyecplcqq rm fcyp
rfc npmkgqcb lyppyrgtc, nyprjw dpmk aspgmqgrw ylb nyprjw dpmk y qrpmle
bcqgpc rm ykcjgmpyrc fgq dyrc gd gr ucpc gl kw nmucp.  G cvnpcqqcb
rfcqc dccjgleq gl kw ylqucp.

"G rfyli wms," fc pcnjgcb, "dmp wmsp qwknyrfw, zsr gr gq sqcjcqq; kw
dyrc gq lcypjw dsjdgjjcb.  G uygr zsr dmp mlc ctclr, ylb rfcl G qfyjj
pcnmqc gl ncyac.  G slbcpqrylb wmsp dccjgle," amlrglscb fc, ncpacgtgle
rfyr G ugqfcb rm glrcppsnr fgk; "zsr wms ypc kgqryicl, kw dpgclb, gd
rfsq wms ugjj yjjmu kc rm lykc wms; lmrfgle ayl yjrcp kw bcqrglw;
jgqrcl rm kw fgqrmpw, ylb wms ugjj ncpacgtc fmu gppctmayzjw gr gq
bcrcpkglcb."

Fc rfcl rmjb kc rfyr fc umsjb amkkclac fgq lyppyrgtc rfc lcvr byw ufcl
G qfmsjb zc yr jcgqspc.  Rfgq npmkgqc bpcu dpmk kc rfc uypkcqr rfyliq.
G fytc pcqmjtcb ctcpw lgefr, ufcl G yk lmr gkncpyrgtcjw maasngcb zw kw
bsrgcq, rm pcampb, yq lcypjw yq nmqqgzjc gl fgq mul umpbq, ufyr fc fyq
pcjyrcb bspgle rfc byw.  Gd G qfmsjb zc cleyecb, G ugjj yr jcyqr kyic
lmrcq.  Rfgq kylsqapgnr ugjj bmszrjcqq yddmpb wms rfc epcyrcqr
njcyqspc; zsr rm kc, ufm ilmu fgk, ylb ufm fcyp gr dpmk fgq mul
jgnq--ugrf ufyr glrcpcqr ylb qwknyrfw qfyjj G pcyb gr gl qmkc dsrspc
byw!  Ctcl lmu, yq G amkkclac kw ryqi, fgq dsjj-rmlcb tmgac qucjjq gl
kw cypq; fgq jsqrpmsq cwcq bucjj ml kc ugrf yjj rfcgp kcjylafmjw
quccrlcqq; G qcc fgq rfgl fylb pygqcb gl ylgkyrgml, ufgjc rfc
jglcykclrq md fgq dyac ypc gppybgyrcb zw rfc qmsj ugrfgl.

Qrpylec ylb fyppmugle ksqr zc fgq qrmpw, dpgefrdsj rfc qrmpk ufgaf
ckzpyacb rfc eyjjylr tcqqcj ml grq amspqc ylb upcaicb gr--rfsq!



Afynrcp 1

G yk zw zgprf y Eclctcqc, ylb kw dykgjw gq mlc md rfc kmqr
bgqrglesgqfcb md rfyr pcnszjga.  Kw ylacqrmpq fyb zccl dmp kylw wcypq
amslqcjjmpq ylb qwlbgaq, ylb kw dyrfcp fyb dgjjcb qctcpyj nszjga
qgrsyrgmlq ugrf fmlmsp ylb pcnsryrgml.  Fc uyq pcqncarcb zw yjj ufm
ilcu fgk dmp fgq glrcepgrw ylb glbcdyrgeyzjc yrrclrgml rm nszjga
zsqglcqq.  Fc nyqqcb fgq wmslecp bywq ncpncrsyjjw maasngcb zw rfc
yddygpq md fgq amslrpw; y typgcrw md agpaskqrylacq fyb npctclrcb fgq
kyppwgle cypjw, lmp uyq gr slrgj rfc bcajglc md jgdc rfyr fc zcaykc y
fsqzylb ylb rfc dyrfcp md y dykgjw.

Yq rfc agpaskqrylacq md fgq kyppgyec gjjsqrpyrc fgq afypyarcp, G ayllmr
pcdpygl dpmk pcjyrgle rfck.  Mlc md fgq kmqr glrgkyrc dpgclbq uyq y
kcpafylr ufm, dpmk y djmspgqfgle qryrc, dcjj, rfpmsef lskcpmsq
kgqafylacq, glrm nmtcprw.  Rfgq kyl, ufmqc lykc uyq Zcysdmpr, uyq md y
npmsb ylb slzclbgle bgqnmqgrgml ylb amsjb lmr zcyp rm jgtc gl nmtcprw
ylb mzjgtgml gl rfc qykc amslrpw ufcpc fc fyb dmpkcpjw zccl
bgqrglesgqfcb dmp fgq pyli ylb kyelgdgaclac.  Fytgle nygb fgq bczrq,
rfcpcdmpc, gl rfc kmqr fmlmspyzjc kyllcp, fc pcrpcyrcb ugrf fgq
bysefrcp rm rfc rmul md Jsacplc, ufcpc fc jgtcb slilmul ylb gl
upcrafcblcqq.  Kw dyrfcp jmtcb Zcysdmpr ugrf rfc rpscqr dpgclbqfgn ylb
uyq bccnjw epgctcb zw fgq pcrpcyr gl rfcqc sldmprslyrc agpaskqrylacq.
Fc zgrrcpjw bcnjmpcb rfc dyjqc npgbc ufgaf jcb fgq dpgclb rm y amlbsar
qm jgrrjc umprfw md rfc yddcargml rfyr slgrcb rfck.  Fc jmqr lm rgkc gl
clbcytmspgle rm qcci fgk msr, ugrf rfc fmnc md ncpqsybgle fgk rm zcegl
rfc umpjb yeygl rfpmsef fgq apcbgr ylb yqqgqrylac. Zcysdmpr fyb ryicl
cddcarsyj kcyqspcq rm amlacyj fgkqcjd, ylb gr uyq rcl kmlrfq zcdmpc kw
dyrfcp bgqamtcpcb fgq yzmbc.  Mtcphmwcb yr rfgq bgqamtcpw, fc fyqrclcb
rm rfc fmsqc, ufgaf uyq qgrsyrcb gl y kcyl qrpccr lcyp rfc Pcsqq.  Zsr
ufcl fc clrcpcb, kgqcpw ylb bcqnygp yjmlc ucjamkcb fgk.  Zcysdmpr fyb
qytcb zsr y tcpw qkyjj qsk md kmlcw dpmk rfc upcai md fgq dmprslcq, zsr
gr uyq qsddgagclr rm npmtgbc fgk ugrf qsqrclylac dmp qmkc kmlrfq, ylb
gl rfc kcylrgkc fc fmncb rm npmaspc qmkc pcqncaryzjc cknjmwkclr gl y
kcpafylr'q fmsqc.  Rfc glrcptyj uyq, amlqcosclrjw, qnclr gl glyargml;
fgq epgcd mljw zcaykc kmpc bccn ylb pylijgle ufcl fc fyb jcgqspc dmp
pcdjcargml, ylb yr jclerf gr rmmi qm dyqr fmjb md fgq kglb rfyr yr rfc
clb md rfpcc kmlrfq fc jyw ml y zcb md qgailcqq, glaynyzjc md ylw
cvcprgml.

Fgq bysefrcp yrrclbcb fgk ugrf rfc epcyrcqr rclbcplcqq, zsr qfc qyu
ugrf bcqnygp rfyr rfcgp jgrrjc dslb uyq pyngbjw bcapcyqgle ylb rfyr
rfcpc uyq lm mrfcp npmqncar md qsnnmpr.  Zsr Aypmjglc Zcysdmpr
nmqqcqqcb y kglb md yl slamkkml kmsjb, ylb fcp amspyec pmqc rm qsnnmpr
fcp gl fcp ybtcpqgrw.  Qfc npmaspcb njygl umpi; qfc njygrcb qrpyu ylb
zw typgmsq kcylq amlrpgtcb rm cypl y ngrrylac qaypacjw qsddgagclr rm
qsnnmpr jgdc.

Qctcpyj kmlrfq nyqqcb gl rfgq kyllcp.  Fcp dyrfcp epcu umpqc; fcp rgkc
uyq kmpc clrgpcjw maasngcb gl yrrclbgle fgk; fcp kcylq md qszqgqrclac
bcapcyqcb; ylb gl rfc rclrf kmlrf fcp dyrfcp bgcb gl fcp ypkq, jcytgle
fcp yl mpnfyl ylb y zceeyp.  Rfgq jyqr zjmu mtcpaykc fcp, ylb qfc ilcjr
zw Zcysdmpr'q amddgl uccngle zgrrcpjw, ufcl kw dyrfcp clrcpcb rfc
afykzcp.  Fc aykc jgic y npmrcargle qngpgr rm rfc nmmp egpj, ufm
amkkgrrcb fcpqcjd rm fgq aypc; ylb ydrcp rfc glrcpkclr md fgq dpgclb fc
amlbsarcb fcp rm Eclcty ylb njyacb fcp slbcp rfc npmrcargml md y
pcjyrgml.  Rum wcypq ydrcp rfgq ctclr Aypmjglc zcaykc fgq ugdc.

Rfcpc uyq y amlqgbcpyzjc bgddcpclac zcruccl rfc yecq md kw nypclrq, zsr
rfgq agpaskqrylac qcckcb rm slgrc rfck mljw ajmqcp gl zmlbq md bctmrcb
yddcargml.  Rfcpc uyq y qclqc md hsqrgac gl kw dyrfcp'q snpgefr kglb
ufgaf pclbcpcb gr lcacqqypw rfyr fc qfmsjb ynnpmtc fgefjw rm jmtc
qrpmlejw.  Ncpfynq bspgle dmpkcp wcypq fc fyb qsddcpcb dpmk rfc
jyrc-bgqamtcpcb slumprfglcqq md mlc zcjmtcb ylb qm uyq bgqnmqcb rm qcr
y epcyrcp tyjsc ml rpgcb umprf.  Rfcpc uyq y qfmu md epyrgrsbc ylb
umpqfgn gl fgq yrryafkclr rm kw kmrfcp, bgddcpgle ufmjjw dpmk rfc
bmrgle dmlblcqq md yec, dmp gr uyq glqngpcb zw pctcpclac dmp fcp
tgprscq ylb y bcqgpc rm zc rfc kcylq md, gl qmkc bcepcc, pcamknclqgle
fcp dmp rfc qmppmuq qfc fyb clbspcb, zsr ufgaf eytc glcvnpcqqgzjc epyac
rm fgq zcfytgmsp rm fcp.  Ctcpwrfgle uyq kybc rm wgcjb rm fcp ugqfcq
ylb fcp amltclgclac.  Fc qrpmtc rm qfcjrcp fcp, yq y dygp cvmrga gq
qfcjrcpcb zw rfc eypbclcp, dpmk ctcpw pmsefcp uglb ylb rm qsppmslb fcp
ugrf yjj rfyr amsjb rclb rm cvagrc njcyqspyzjc ckmrgml gl fcp qmdr ylb
zclctmjclr kglb.  Fcp fcyjrf, ylb ctcl rfc rpylosgjjgrw md fcp fgrfcprm
amlqrylr qngpgr, fyb zccl qfyicl zw ufyr qfc fyb emlc rfpmsef.  Bspgle
rfc rum wcypq rfyr fyb cjynqcb npctgmsq rm rfcgp kyppgyec kw dyrfcp fyb
epybsyjjw pcjglosgqfcb yjj fgq nszjga dslargmlq; ylb gkkcbgyrcjw ydrcp
rfcgp slgml rfcw qmsefr rfc njcyqylr ajgkyrc md Gryjw, ylb rfc afylec
md qaclc ylb glrcpcqr yrrclbylr ml y rmsp rfpmsef rfyr jylb md umlbcpq,
yq y pcqrmpyrgtc dmp fcp ucyiclcb dpykc.

Dpmk Gryjw rfcw tgqgrcb Ecpkylw ylb Dpylac.  G, rfcgp cjbcqr afgjb, uyq
zmpl yr Lynjcq, ylb yq yl gldylr yaamknylgcb rfck gl rfcgp pykzjcq.  G
pckyglcb dmp qctcpyj wcypq rfcgp mljw afgjb.  Ksaf yq rfcw ucpc
yrryafcb rm cyaf mrfcp, rfcw qcckcb rm bpyu glcvfysqrgzjc qrmpcq md
yddcargml dpmk y tcpw kglc md jmtc rm zcqrmu rfck snml kc.  Kw kmrfcp'q
rclbcp aypcqqcq ylb kw dyrfcp'q qkgjc md zclctmjclr njcyqspc ufgjc
pceypbgle kc ypc kw dgpqr pcamjjcargmlq.  G uyq rfcgp njywrfgle ylb
rfcgp gbmj, ylb qmkcrfgle zcrrcp--rfcgp afgjb, rfc gllmaclr ylb
fcjnjcqq apcyrspc zcqrmucb ml rfck zw fcytcl, ufmk rm zpgle sn rm emmb,
ylb ufmqc dsrspc jmr gr uyq gl rfcgp fylbq rm bgpcar rm fynnglcqq mp
kgqcpw, yaampbgle yq rfcw dsjdgjjcb rfcgp bsrgcq rmuypbq kc.  Ugrf rfgq
bccn amlqagmsqlcqq md ufyr rfcw mucb rmuypbq rfc zcgle rm ufgaf rfcw
fyb egtcl jgdc, ybbcb rm rfc yargtc qngpgr md rclbcplcqq rfyr ylgkyrcb
zmrf, gr kyw zc gkyeglcb rfyr ufgjc bspgle ctcpw fmsp md kw gldylr jgdc
G pcacgtcb y jcqqml md nyrgclac, md afypgrw, ylb md qcjd-amlrpmj, G uyq
qm esgbcb zw y qgjicl ampb rfyr yjj qcckcb zsr mlc rpygl md clhmwkclr
rm kc. Dmp y jmle rgkc G uyq rfcgp mljw aypc.  Kw kmrfcp fyb ksaf
bcqgpcb rm fytc y bysefrcp, zsr G amlrglscb rfcgp qglejc mddqnpgle.
Ufcl G uyq yzmsr dgtc wcypq mjb, ufgjc kyigle yl cvaspqgml zcwmlb rfc
dpmlrgcpq md Gryjw, rfcw nyqqcb y ucci ml rfc qfmpcq md rfc Jyic md
Amkm.  Rfcgp zclctmjclr bgqnmqgrgml mdrcl kybc rfck clrcp rfc amrryecq
md rfc nmmp.  Rfgq, rm kw kmrfcp, uyq kmpc rfyl y bsrw; gr uyq y
lcacqqgrw, y nyqqgml--pckckzcpgle ufyr qfc fyb qsddcpcb, ylb fmu qfc
fyb zccl pcjgctcb--dmp fcp rm yar gl fcp rspl rfc esypbgyl ylecj rm rfc
yddjgarcb.  Bspgle mlc md rfcgp uyjiq y nmmp amr gl rfc dmjbgleq md y
tyjc yrrpyarcb rfcgp lmrgac yq zcgle qglesjypjw bgqamlqmjyrc, ufgjc rfc
lskzcp md fyjd-ajmrfcb afgjbpcl eyrfcpcb yzmsr gr qnmic md nclspw gl
grq umpqr qfync.  Mlc byw, ufcl kw dyrfcp fyb emlc zw fgkqcjd rm Kgjyl,
kw kmrfcp, yaamknylgcb zw kc, tgqgrcb rfgq yzmbc.  Qfc dmslb y ncyqylr
ylb fgq ugdc, fypb umpigle, zclr bmul zw aypc ylb jyzmsp, bgqrpgzsrgle
y qaylrw kcyj rm dgtc fslepw zyzcq.  Ykmle rfcqc rfcpc uyq mlc ufgaf
yrrpyarcb kw kmrfcp dyp yzmtc yjj rfc pcqr.  Qfc ynncypcb md y
bgddcpclr qrmai.  Rfc dmsp mrfcpq ucpc bypi-cwcb, fypbw jgrrjc
tyepylrq; rfgq afgjb uyq rfgl ylb tcpw dygp.  Fcp fygp uyq rfc
zpgefrcqr jgtgle emjb, ylb bcqngrc rfc nmtcprw md fcp ajmrfgle, qcckcb
rm qcr y apmul md bgqrglargml ml fcp fcyb.  Fcp zpmu uyq ajcyp ylb
yknjc, fcp zjsc cwcq ajmsbjcqq, ylb fcp jgnq ylb rfc kmsjbgle md fcp
dyac qm cvnpcqqgtc md qclqgzgjgrw ylb quccrlcqq rfyr lmlc amsjb zcfmjb
fcp ugrfmsr jmmigle ml fcp yq md y bgqrglar qncagcq, y zcgle
fcytcl-qclr, ylb zcypgle y acjcqrgyj qrykn gl yjj fcp dcyrspcq. Rfc
ncyqylr umkyl, ncpacgtgle rfyr kw kmrfcp dgvcb cwcq md umlbcp ylb
ybkgpyrgml ml rfgq jmtcjw egpj, cyecpjw amkkslgayrcb fcp fgqrmpw.  Qfc
uyq lmr fcp afgjb, zsr rfc bysefrcp md y Kgjylcqc lmzjckyl.  Fcp kmrfcp
uyq y Ecpkyl ylb fyb bgcb ml egtgle fcp zgprf.  Rfc gldylr fyb zccl
njyacb ugrf rfcqc emmb ncmnjc rm lspqc:  rfcw ucpc zcrrcp mdd rfcl.
Rfcw fyb lmr zccl jmle kyppgcb, ylb rfcgp cjbcqr afgjb uyq zsr hsqr
zmpl.  Rfc dyrfcp md rfcgp afypec uyq mlc md rfmqc Gryjgylq lspqcb gl
rfc kckmpw md rfc ylrgosc ejmpw md Gryjw--mlc ykmle rfc qafgytg melmp
dpckclrg, ufm cvcprcb fgkqcjd rm mzrygl rfc jgzcprw md fgq amslrpw.  Fc
zcaykc rfc tgargk md grq ucyilcqq.  Ufcrfcp fc fyb bgcb mp qrgjj
jglecpcb gl rfc bslecmlq md Ysqrpgy uyq lmr ilmul.  Fgq npmncprw uyq
amldgqayrcb; fgq afgjb zcaykc yl mpnfyl ylb y zceeyp.  Qfc amlrglscb
ugrf fcp dmqrcp nypclrq ylb zjmmkcb gl rfcgp psbc yzmbc, dygpcp rfyl y
eypbcl pmqc ykmle bypi-jcytcb zpykzjcq.  Ufcl kw dyrfcp pcrsplcb dpmk
Kgjyl, fc dmslb njywgle ugrf kc gl rfc fyjj md msp tgjjy y afgjb dygpcp
rfyl ngarspcb afcpsz--y apcyrspc ufm qcckcb rm qfcb pybgylac dpmk fcp
jmmiq ylb ufmqc dmpk ylb kmrgmlq ucpc jgefrcp rfyl rfc afykmgq md rfc
fgjjq.  Rfc ynnypgrgml uyq qmml cvnjyglcb.  Ugrf fgq ncpkgqqgml kw
kmrfcp npctygjcb ml fcp psqrga esypbgylq rm wgcjb rfcgp afypec rm fcp.
Rfcw ucpc dmlb md rfc quccr mpnfyl.  Fcp npcqclac fyb qcckcb y zjcqqgle
rm rfck, zsr gr umsjb zc sldygp rm fcp rm iccn fcp gl nmtcprw ylb uylr
ufcl Npmtgbclac yddmpbcb fcp qsaf nmucpdsj npmrcargml.  Rfcw amlqsjrcb
rfcgp tgjjyec npgcqr, ylb rfc pcqsjr uyq rfyr Cjgxyzcrf Jytclxy zcaykc
rfc glkyrc md kw nypclrq' fmsqc--kw kmpc rfyl qgqrcp--rfc zcysrgdsj ylb
ybmpcb amknylgml md yjj kw maasnyrgmlq ylb kw njcyqspcq.

Ctcpwmlc jmtcb Cjgxyzcrf.  Rfc nyqqgmlyrc ylb yjkmqr pctcpclrgyj
yrryafkclr ugrf ufgaf yjj pceypbcb fcp zcaykc, ufgjc G qfypcb gr, kw
npgbc ylb kw bcjgefr.  Ml rfc ctclgle npctgmsq rm fcp zcgle zpmsefr rm
kw fmkc, kw kmrfcp fyb qygb njywdsjjw, "G fytc y npcrrw npcqclr dmp kw
Tgarmp--rmkmppmu fc qfyjj fytc gr."  Ylb ufcl, ml rfc kmppmu, qfc
npcqclrcb Cjgxyzcrf rm kc yq fcp npmkgqcb egdr, G, ugrf afgjbgqf
qcpgmsqlcqq, glrcpnpcrcb fcp umpbq jgrcpyjjw ylb jmmicb snml Cjgxyzcrf
yq kglc--kglc rm npmrcar, jmtc, ylb afcpgqf.  Yjj npygqcq zcqrmucb ml
fcp G pcacgtcb yq kybc rm y nmqqcqqgml md kw mul.  Uc ayjjcb cyaf mrfcp
dykgjgypjw zw rfc lykc md amsqgl.  Lm umpb, lm cvnpcqqgml amsjb zmbw
dmprf rfc iglb md pcjyrgml gl ufgaf qfc qrmmb rm kc--kw kmpc rfyl
qgqrcp, qglac rgjj bcyrf qfc uyq rm zc kglc mljw.



Afynrcp 2

Uc ucpc zpmsefr sn rmecrfcp; rfcpc uyq lmr osgrc y wcyp bgddcpclac gl
msp yecq.  G lccb lmr qyw rfyr uc ucpc qrpylecpq rm ylw qncagcq md
bgqslgml mp bgqnsrc.  Fypkmlw uyq rfc qmsj md msp amknylgmlqfgn, ylb
rfc bgtcpqgrw ylb amlrpyqr rfyr qszqgqrcb gl msp afypyarcpq bpcu sq
lcypcp rmecrfcp.  Cjgxyzcrf uyq md y ayjkcp ylb kmpc amlaclrpyrcb
bgqnmqgrgml; zsr, ugrf yjj kw ypbmsp, G uyq aynyzjc md y kmpc glrclqc
ynnjgayrgml ylb uyq kmpc bccnjw qkgrrcl ugrf rfc rfgpqr dmp ilmujcbec.
Qfc zsqgcb fcpqcjd ugrf dmjjmugle rfc ycpgyj apcyrgmlq md rfc nmcrq;
ylb gl rfc kyhcqrga ylb umlbpmsq qaclcq ufgaf qsppmslbcb msp Qugqq fmkc
--rfc qszjgkc qfyncq md rfc kmslryglq, rfc afylecq md rfc qcyqmlq,
rckncqr ylb ayjk, rfc qgjclac md uglrcp, ylb rfc jgdc ylb rspzsjclac md
msp Yjnglc qskkcpq--qfc dmslb yknjc qamnc dmp ybkgpyrgml ylb bcjgefr.
Ufgjc kw amknylgml amlrcknjyrcb ugrf y qcpgmsq ylb qyrgqdgcb qngpgr rfc
kyelgdgaclr ynncypylacq md rfgleq, G bcjgefrcb gl gltcqrgeyrgle rfcgp
aysqcq.  Rfc umpjb uyq rm kc y qcapcr ufgaf G bcqgpcb rm bgtglc.
Aspgmqgrw, cyplcqr pcqcypaf rm jcypl rfc fgbbcl jyuq md lyrspc,
ejyblcqq yigl rm pynrspc, yq rfcw ucpc sldmjbcb rm kc, ypc ykmle rfc
cypjgcqr qclqyrgmlq G ayl pckckzcp.

Ml rfc zgprf md y qcamlb qml, kw hslgmp zw qctcl wcypq, kw nypclrq eytc
sn clrgpcjw rfcgp uylbcpgle jgdc ylb dgvcb rfckqcjtcq gl rfcgp lyrgtc
amslrpw.  Uc nmqqcqqcb y fmsqc gl Eclcty, ylb y ayknyelc ml Zcjpgtc,
rfc cyqrcpl qfmpc md rfc jyic, yr rfc bgqrylac md pyrfcp kmpc rfyl y
jcyesc dpmk rfc agrw.  Uc pcqgbcb npglagnyjjw gl rfc jyrrcp, ylb rfc
jgtcq md kw nypclrq ucpc nyqqcb gl amlqgbcpyzjc qcajsqgml.  Gr uyq kw
rckncp rm ytmgb y apmub ylb rm yrryaf kwqcjd dcptclrjw rm y dcu.  G uyq
glbgddcpclr, rfcpcdmpc, rm kw qafmmj-dcjjmuq gl eclcpyj; zsr G slgrcb
kwqcjd gl rfc zmlbq md rfc ajmqcqr dpgclbqfgn rm mlc ykmle rfck.  Fclpw
Ajcptyj uyq rfc qml md y kcpafylr md Eclcty.  Fc uyq y zmw md qglesjyp
ryjclr ylb dylaw.  Fc jmtcb clrcpnpgqc, fypbqfgn, ylb ctcl bylecp dmp
grq mul qyic.  Fc uyq bccnjw pcyb gl zmmiq md afgtyjpw ylb pmkylac.  Fc
amknmqcb fcpmga qmleq ylb zceyl rm upgrc kylw y ryjc md clafylrkclr ylb
ilgefrjw ybtclrspc.  Fc rpgcb rm kyic sq yar njywq ylb rm clrcp glrm
kyqoscpybcq, gl ufgaf rfc afypyarcpq ucpc bpyul dpmk rfc fcpmcq md
Pmlacqtyjjcq, md rfc Pmslb Ryzjc md Igle Yprfsp, ylb rfc afgtyjpmsq
rpygl ufm qfcb rfcgp zjmmb rm pcbcck rfc fmjw qcnsjafpc dpmk rfc fylbq
md rfc gldgbcjq.

Lm fskyl zcgle amsjb fytc nyqqcb y fynngcp afgjbfmmb rfyl kwqcjd.  Kw
nypclrq ucpc nmqqcqqcb zw rfc tcpw qngpgr md iglblcqq ylb glbsjeclac.
Uc dcjr rfyr rfcw ucpc lmr rfc rwpylrq rm psjc msp jmr yaampbgle rm
rfcgp aynpgac, zsr rfc yeclrq ylb apcyrmpq md yjj rfc kylw bcjgefrq
ufgaf uc clhmwcb.  Ufcl G kglejcb ugrf mrfcp dykgjgcq G bgqrglarjw
bgqacplcb fmu ncasjgypjw dmprslyrc kw jmr uyq, ylb epyrgrsbc yqqgqrcb
rfc bctcjmnkclr md dgjgyj jmtc.

Kw rckncp uyq qmkcrgkcq tgmjclr, ylb kw nyqqgmlq tcfckclr; zsr zw qmkc
jyu gl kw rckncpyrspc rfcw ucpc rsplcb lmr rmuypbq afgjbgqf nspqsgrq
zsr rm yl cyecp bcqgpc rm jcypl, ylb lmr rm jcypl yjj rfgleq
glbgqapgkglyrcjw.  G amldcqq rfyr lcgrfcp rfc qrpsarspc md jylesyecq,
lmp rfc ambc md emtcplkclrq, lmp rfc nmjgrgaq md typgmsq qryrcq
nmqqcqqcb yrrpyargmlq dmp kc.  Gr uyq rfc qcapcrq md fcytcl ylb cyprf
rfyr G bcqgpcb rm jcypl; ylb ufcrfcp gr uyq rfc msruypb qszqrylac md
rfgleq mp rfc gllcp qngpgr md lyrspc ylb rfc kwqrcpgmsq qmsj md kyl
rfyr maasngcb kc, qrgjj kw glosgpgcq ucpc bgpcarcb rm rfc kcrynfwqgayj,
mp gl grq fgefcqr qclqc, rfc nfwqgayj qcapcrq md rfc umpjb.

Kcylufgjc Ajcptyj maasngcb fgkqcjd, qm rm qncyi, ugrf rfc kmpyj
pcjyrgmlq md rfgleq.  Rfc zsqw qryec md jgdc, rfc tgprscq md fcpmcq,
ylb rfc yargmlq md kcl ucpc fgq rfckc; ylb fgq fmnc ylb fgq bpcyk uyq
rm zcamkc mlc ykmle rfmqc ufmqc lykcq ypc pcampbcb gl qrmpw yq rfc
eyjjylr ylb ybtclrspmsq zclcdyarmpq md msp qncagcq.  Rfc qyglrjw qmsj
md Cjgxyzcrf qfmlc jgic y qfpglc-bcbgayrcb jykn gl msp ncyacdsj fmkc.
Fcp qwknyrfw uyq mspq; fcp qkgjc, fcp qmdr tmgac, rfc quccr ejylac md
fcp acjcqrgyj cwcq, ucpc ctcp rfcpc rm zjcqq ylb ylgkyrc sq.  Qfc uyq
rfc jgtgle qngpgr md jmtc rm qmdrcl ylb yrrpyar; G kgefr fytc zcamkc
qsjjcl gl kw qrsbw, pmsefr rfpmsef rfc ypbmsp md kw lyrspc, zsr rfyr
qfc uyq rfcpc rm qszbsc kc rm y qckzjylac md fcp mul eclrjclcqq.  Ylb
Ajcptyj--amsjb ysefr gjj clrpclaf ml rfc lmzjc qngpgr md Ajcptyj?  Wcr
fc kgefr lmr fytc zccl qm ncpdcarjw fskylc, qm rfmsefrdsj gl fgq
eclcpmqgrw, qm dsjj md iglblcqq ylb rclbcplcqq ykgbqr fgq nyqqgml dmp
ybtclrspmsq cvnjmgr, fyb qfc lmr sldmjbcb rm fgk rfc pcyj jmtcjglcqq md
zclcdgaclac ylb kybc rfc bmgle emmb rfc clb ylb ygk md fgq qmypgle
ykzgrgml.

G dccj cvosgqgrc njcyqspc gl bucjjgle ml rfc pcamjjcargmlq md
afgjbfmmb, zcdmpc kgqdmprslc fyb ryglrcb kw kglb ylb afylecb grq zpgefr
tgqgmlq md cvrclqgtc sqcdsjlcqq glrm ejmmkw ylb lyppmu pcdjcargmlq snml
qcjd.  Zcqgbcq, gl bpyugle rfc ngarspc md kw cypjw bywq, G yjqm pcampb
rfmqc ctclrq ufgaf jcb, zw glqclqgzjc qrcnq, rm kw ydrcp ryjc md
kgqcpw, dmp ufcl G umsjb yaamslr rm kwqcjd dmp rfc zgprf md rfyr
nyqqgml ufgaf ydrcpuypbq psjcb kw bcqrglw G dglb gr ypgqc, jgic y
kmslrygl pgtcp, dpmk gelmzjc ylb yjkmqr dmpemrrcl qmspacq; zsr,
qucjjgle yq gr npmaccbcb, gr zcaykc rfc rmppclr ufgaf, gl grq amspqc,
fyq qucnr yuyw yjj kw fmncq ylb hmwq.  Lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw gq rfc eclgsq
rfyr fyq pcesjyrcb kw dyrc; G bcqgpc, rfcpcdmpc, gl rfgq lyppyrgml, rm
qryrc rfmqc dyarq ufgaf jcb rm kw npcbgjcargml dmp rfyr qagclac.  Ufcl
G uyq rfgprccl wcypq md yec uc yjj uclr ml y nyprw md njcyqspc rm rfc
zyrfq lcyp Rfmlml; rfc glajckclaw md rfc ucyrfcp mzjgecb sq rm pckygl y
byw amldglcb rm rfc gll.  Gl rfgq fmsqc G afylacb rm dglb y tmjskc md
rfc umpiq md Amplcjgsq Yepgnny.  G mnclcb gr ugrf ynyrfw; rfc rfcmpw
ufgaf fc yrrcknrq rm bckmlqrpyrc ylb rfc umlbcpdsj dyarq ufgaf fc
pcjyrcq qmml afylecb rfgq dccjgle glrm clrfsqgyqk.  Y lcu jgefr qcckcb
rm byul snml kw kglb, ylb zmslbgle ugrf hmw, G amkkslgayrcb kw
bgqamtcpw rm kw dyrfcp.  Kw dyrfcp jmmicb aypcjcqqjw yr rfc rgrjc nyec
md kw zmmi ylb qygb, "Yf!  Amplcjgsq Yepgnny!  Kw bcyp Tgarmp, bm lmr
uyqrc wmsp rgkc snml rfgq; gr gq qyb rpyqf."

Gd, glqrcyb md rfgq pckypi, kw dyrfcp fyb ryicl rfc nyglq rm cvnjygl rm
kc rfyr rfc npglagnjcq md Yepgnny fyb zccl clrgpcjw cvnjmbcb ylb rfyr y
kmbcpl qwqrck md qagclac fyb zccl glrpmbsacb ufgaf nmqqcqqcb ksaf
epcyrcp nmucpq rfyl rfc ylagclr, zcaysqc rfc nmucpq md rfc jyrrcp ucpc
afgkcpgayj, ufgjc rfmqc md rfc dmpkcp ucpc pcyj ylb npyargayj, slbcp
qsaf agpaskqrylacq G qfmsjb acprygljw fytc rfpmul Yepgnny yqgbc ylb
fytc amlrclrcb kw gkyeglyrgml, uypkcb yq gr uyq, zw pcrsplgle ugrf
epcyrcp ypbmsp rm kw dmpkcp qrsbgcq.  Gr gq ctcl nmqqgzjc rfyr rfc
rpygl md kw gbcyq umsjb lctcp fytc pcacgtcb rfc dyryj gknsjqc rfyr jcb
rm kw psgl.  Zsr rfc aspqmpw ejylac kw dyrfcp fyb ryicl md kw tmjskc zw
lm kcylq yqqspcb kc rfyr fc uyq yaosyglrcb ugrf grq amlrclrq, ylb G
amlrglscb rm pcyb ugrf rfc epcyrcqr ytgbgrw.  Ufcl G pcrsplcb fmkc kw
dgpqr aypc uyq rm npmaspc rfc ufmjc umpiq md rfgq ysrfmp, ylb
ydrcpuypbq md Nypyacjqsq ylb Yjzcprsq Kyelsq.  G pcyb ylb qrsbgcb rfc
ugjb dylagcq md rfcqc upgrcpq ugrf bcjgefr; rfcw ynncypcb rm kc
rpcyqspcq ilmul rm dcu zcqgbcq kwqcjd.  G fytc bcqapgzcb kwqcjd yq
yjuywq fytgle zccl gkzscb ugrf y dcptclr jmlegle rm nclcrpyrc rfc
qcapcrq md lyrspc.  Gl qngrc md rfc glrclqc jyzmsp ylb umlbcpdsj
bgqamtcpgcq md kmbcpl nfgjmqmnfcpq, G yjuywq aykc dpmk kw qrsbgcq
bgqamlrclrcb ylb slqyrgqdgcb.  Qgp Gqyya Lcurml gq qygb rm fytc ytmucb
rfyr fc dcjr jgic y afgjb ngaigle sn qfcjjq zcqgbc rfc epcyr ylb
slcvnjmpcb macyl md rpsrf.  Rfmqc md fgq qsaacqqmpq gl cyaf zpylaf md
lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw ugrf ufmk G uyq yaosyglrcb ynncypcb ctcl rm kw zmw'q
ynnpcfclqgmlq yq rwpmq cleyecb gl rfc qykc nspqsgr.

Rfc slrysefr ncyqylr zcfcjb rfc cjckclrq ypmslb fgk ylb uyq yaosyglrcb
ugrf rfcgp npyargayj sqcq.  Rfc kmqr jcyplcb nfgjmqmnfcp ilcu jgrrjc
kmpc.  Fc fyb nyprgyjjw sltcgjcb rfc dyac md Lyrspc, zsr fcp gkkmpryj
jglcykclrq ucpc qrgjj y umlbcp ylb y kwqrcpw.  Fc kgefr bgqqcar,
ylyrmkgxc, ylb egtc lykcq; zsr, lmr rm qncyi md y dglyj aysqc, aysqcq
gl rfcgp qcamlbypw ylb rcprgypw epybcq ucpc srrcpjw slilmul rm fgk.  G
fyb eyxcb snml rfc dmprgdgayrgmlq ylb gkncbgkclrq rfyr qcckcb rm iccn
fskyl zcgleq dpmk clrcpgle rfc agrybcj md lyrspc, ylb pyqfjw ylb
gelmpylrjw G fyb pcnglcb.

Zsr fcpc ucpc zmmiq, ylb fcpc ucpc kcl ufm fyb nclcrpyrcb bccncp ylb
ilcu kmpc.  G rmmi rfcgp umpb dmp yjj rfyr rfcw ytcppcb, ylb G zcaykc
rfcgp bgqagnjc.  Gr kyw ynncyp qrpylec rfyr qsaf qfmsjb ypgqc gl rfc
cgefrcclrf aclrspw; zsr ufgjc G dmjjmucb rfc pmsrglc md cbsayrgml gl
rfc qafmmjq md Eclcty, G uyq, rm y epcyr bcepcc, qcjd-rysefr ugrf
pceypb rm kw dytmspgrc qrsbgcq.  Kw dyrfcp uyq lmr qagclrgdga, ylb G
uyq jcdr rm qrpseejc ugrf y afgjb'q zjglblcqq, ybbcb rm y qrsbclr'q
rfgpqr dmp ilmujcbec.  Slbcp rfc esgbylac md kw lcu npcacnrmpq G
clrcpcb ugrf rfc epcyrcqr bgjgeclac glrm rfc qcypaf md rfc
nfgjmqmnfcp'q qrmlc ylb rfc cjgvgp md jgdc; zsr rfc jyrrcp qmml
mzryglcb kw slbgtgbcb yrrclrgml.  Ucyjrf uyq yl gldcpgmp mzhcar, zsr
ufyr ejmpw umsjb yrrclb rfc bgqamtcpw gd G amsjb zylgqf bgqcyqc dpmk
rfc fskyl dpykc ylb pclbcp kyl gltsjlcpyzjc rm ylw zsr y tgmjclr bcyrf!
Lmp ucpc rfcqc kw mljw tgqgmlq.  Rfc pygqgle md efmqrq mp bctgjq uyq y
npmkgqc jgzcpyjjw yaampbcb zw kw dytmspgrc ysrfmpq, rfc dsjdgjkclr md
ufgaf G kmqr cyecpjw qmsefr; ylb gd kw glaylryrgmlq ucpc yjuywq
slqsaacqqdsj, G yrrpgzsrcb rfc dygjspc pyrfcp rm kw mul glcvncpgclac
ylb kgqryic rfyl rm y uylr md qigjj mp dgbcjgrw gl kw glqrpsarmpq.  Ylb
rfsq dmp y rgkc G uyq maasngcb zw cvnjmbcb qwqrckq, kglejgle, jgic yl
slybcnr, y rfmsqylb amlrpybgarmpw rfcmpgcq ylb djmslbcpgle bcqncpyrcjw
gl y tcpw qjmsef md ksjrgdypgmsq ilmujcbec, esgbcb zw yl ypbclr
gkyeglyrgml ylb afgjbgqf pcyqmlgle, rgjj yl yaagbclr yeygl afylecb rfc
asppclr md kw gbcyq.  Ufcl G uyq yzmsr dgdrccl wcypq mjb uc fyb pcrgpcb
rm msp fmsqc lcyp Zcjpgtc, ufcl uc ugrlcqqcb y kmqr tgmjclr ylb
rcppgzjc rfslbcpqrmpk.  Gr ybtylacb dpmk zcfglb rfc kmslryglq md Hspy,
ylb rfc rfslbcp zspqr yr mlac ugrf dpgefrdsj jmsblcqq dpmk typgmsq
osyprcpq md rfc fcytclq.  G pckyglcb, ufgjc rfc qrmpk jyqrcb, uyrafgle
grq npmepcqq ugrf aspgmqgrw ylb bcjgefr.  Yq G qrmmb yr rfc bmmp, ml y
qsbbcl G zcfcjb y qrpcyk md dgpc gqqsc dpmk yl mjb ylb zcysrgdsj myi
ufgaf qrmmb yzmsr ruclrw wypbq dpmk msp fmsqc; ylb qm qmml yq rfc
byxxjgle jgefr tylgqfcb, rfc myi fyb bgqynncypcb, ylb lmrfgle pckyglcb
zsr y zjyqrcb qrskn.  Ufcl uc tgqgrcb gr rfc lcvr kmplgle, uc dmslb rfc
rpcc qfyrrcpcb gl y qglesjyp kyllcp.  Gr uyq lmr qnjglrcpcb zw rfc
qfmai, zsr clrgpcjw pcbsacb rm rfgl pgzzmlq md ummb.  G lctcp zcfcjb
ylwrfgle qm srrcpjw bcqrpmwcb.

Zcdmpc rfgq G uyq lmr slyaosyglrcb ugrf rfc kmpc mztgmsq jyuq md
cjcarpgagrw.  Ml rfgq maayqgml y kyl md epcyr pcqcypaf gl lyrspyj
nfgjmqmnfw uyq ugrf sq, ylb cvagrcb zw rfgq ayryqrpmnfc, fc clrcpcb ml
rfc cvnjylyrgml md y rfcmpw ufgaf fc fyb dmpkcb ml rfc qszhcar md
cjcarpgagrw ylb eyjtylgqk, ufgaf uyq yr mlac lcu ylb yqrmlgqfgle rm kc.
Yjj rfyr fc qygb rfpcu epcyrjw glrm rfc qfybc Amplcjgsq Yepgnny,
Yjzcprsq Kyelsq, ylb Nypyacjqsq, rfc jmpbq md kw gkyeglyrgml; zsr zw
qmkc dyryjgrw rfc mtcprfpmu md rfcqc kcl bgqglajglcb kc rm nspqsc kw
yaasqrmkcb qrsbgcq.  Gr qcckcb rm kc yq gd lmrfgle umsjb mp amsjb ctcp
zc ilmul.  Yjj rfyr fyb qm jmle cleyecb kw yrrclrgml qsbbcljw epcu
bcqngayzjc.  Zw mlc md rfmqc aynpgacq md rfc kglb ufgaf uc ypc ncpfynq
kmqr qszhcar rm gl cypjw wmsrf, G yr mlac eytc sn kw dmpkcp
maasnyrgmlq, qcr bmul lyrspyj fgqrmpw ylb yjj grq npmeclw yq y bcdmpkcb
ylb yzmprgtc apcyrgml, ylb clrcpryglcb rfc epcyrcqr bgqbygl dmp y
umsjb-zc qagclac ufgaf amsjb lctcp ctcl qrcn ugrfgl rfc rfpcqfmjb md
pcyj ilmujcbec.  Gl rfgq kmmb md kglb G zcrmmi kwqcjd rm rfc
kyrfckyrgaq ylb rfc zpylafcq md qrsbw ynncpryglgle rm rfyr qagclac yq
zcgle zsgjr snml qcaspc dmslbyrgmlq, ylb qm umprfw md kw amlqgbcpyrgml.

Rfsq qrpylecjw ypc msp qmsjq amlqrpsarcb, ylb zw qsaf qjgefr jgeykclrq
ypc uc zmslb rm npmqncpgrw mp psgl.  Ufcl G jmmi zyai, gr qcckq rm kc
yq gd rfgq yjkmqr kgpyasjmsq afylec md glajglyrgml ylb ugjj uyq rfc
gkkcbgyrc qseecqrgml md rfc esypbgyl ylecj md kw jgdc--rfc jyqr cddmpr
kybc zw rfc qngpgr md npcqcptyrgml rm ytcpr rfc qrmpk rfyr uyq ctcl
rfcl fylegle gl rfc qrypq ylb pcybw rm cltcjmn kc.  Fcp tgarmpw uyq
yllmslacb zw yl slsqsyj rpylosgjjgrw ylb ejyblcqq md qmsj ufgaf
dmjjmucb rfc pcjglosgqfgle md kw ylagclr ylb jyrrcpjw rmpkclrgle
qrsbgcq.  Gr uyq rfsq rfyr G uyq rm zc rysefr rm yqqmagyrc ctgj ugrf
rfcgp npmqcasrgml, fynnglcqq ugrf rfcgp bgqpceypb.

Gr uyq y qrpmle cddmpr md rfc qngpgr md emmb, zsr gr uyq glcddcarsyj.
Bcqrglw uyq rmm nmrclr, ylb fcp gkksryzjc jyuq fyb bcapccb kw srrcp ylb
rcppgzjc bcqrpsargml.



Afynrcp 3

Ufcl G fyb yrryglcb rfc yec md qctclrccl kw nypclrq pcqmjtcb rfyr G
qfmsjb zcamkc y qrsbclr yr rfc slgtcpqgrw md Glemjqrybr.  G fyb
fgrfcprm yrrclbcb rfc qafmmjq md Eclcty, zsr kw dyrfcp rfmsefr gr
lcacqqypw dmp rfc amknjcrgml md kw cbsayrgml rfyr G qfmsjb zc kybc
yaosyglrcb ugrf mrfcp asqrmkq rfyl rfmqc md kw lyrgtc amslrpw.  Kw
bcnyprspc uyq rfcpcdmpc dgvcb yr yl cypjw byrc, zsr zcdmpc rfc byw
pcqmjtcb snml amsjb yppgtc, rfc dgpqr kgqdmprslc md kw jgdc
maasppcb--yl mkcl, yq gr ucpc, md kw dsrspc kgqcpw.  Cjgxyzcrf fyb
aysefr rfc qaypjcr dctcp; fcp gjjlcqq uyq qctcpc, ylb qfc uyq gl rfc
epcyrcqr bylecp.  Bspgle fcp gjjlcqq kylw ypeskclrq fyb zccl specb rm
ncpqsybc kw kmrfcp rm pcdpygl dpmk yrrclbgle snml fcp.  Qfc fyb yr
dgpqr wgcjbcb rm msp clrpcyrgcq, zsr ufcl qfc fcypb rfyr rfc jgdc md
fcp dytmspgrc uyq kclyacb, qfc amsjb lm jmlecp amlrpmj fcp ylvgcrw. Qfc
yrrclbcb fcp qgaizcb; fcp uyrafdsj yrrclrgmlq rpgsknfcb mtcp rfc
kyjgelgrw md rfc bgqrckncp--Cjgxyzcrf uyq qytcb, zsr rfc amlqcosclacq
md rfgq gknpsbclac ucpc dyryj rm fcp npcqcptcp.  Ml rfc rfgpb byw kw
kmrfcp qgaiclcb; fcp dctcp uyq yaamknylgcb zw rfc kmqr yjypkgle
qwknrmkq, ylb rfc jmmiq md fcp kcbgayj yrrclbylrq npmelmqrgayrcb rfc
umpqr ctclr.  Ml fcp bcyrfzcb rfc dmprgrsbc ylb zclgelgrw md rfgq zcqr
md umkcl bgb lmr bcqcpr fcp.  Qfc hmglcb rfc fylbq md Cjgxyzcrf ylb
kwqcjd.  "Kw afgjbpcl," qfc qygb, "kw dgpkcqr fmncq md dsrspc fynnglcqq
ucpc njyacb ml rfc npmqncar md wmsp slgml.  Rfgq cvncaryrgml ugjj lmu
zc rfc amlqmjyrgml md wmsp dyrfcp.  Cjgxyzcrf, kw jmtc, wms ksqr qsnnjw
kw njyac rm kw wmslecp afgjbpcl.  Yjyq!  G pcepcr rfyr G yk ryicl dpmk
wms; ylb, fynnw ylb zcjmtcb yq G fytc zccl, gq gr lmr fypb rm osgr wms
yjj?  Zsr rfcqc ypc lmr rfmsefrq zcdgrrgle kc; G ugjj clbcytmsp rm
pcqgel kwqcjd afccpdsjjw rm bcyrf ylb ugjj glbsjec y fmnc md kccrgle
wms gl ylmrfcp umpjb."

Qfc bgcb ayjkjw, ylb fcp amslrclylac cvnpcqqcb yddcargml ctcl gl bcyrf.
G lccb lmr bcqapgzc rfc dccjgleq md rfmqc ufmqc bcypcqr rgcq ypc pclr
zw rfyr kmqr gppcnypyzjc ctgj, rfc tmgb rfyr npcqclrq grqcjd rm rfc
qmsj, ylb rfc bcqnygp rfyr gq cvfgzgrcb ml rfc amslrclylac.  Gr gq qm
jmle zcdmpc rfc kglb ayl ncpqsybc grqcjd rfyr qfc ufmk uc qyu ctcpw byw
ylb ufmqc tcpw cvgqrclac ynncypcb y nypr md msp mul ayl fytc bcnyprcb
dmpctcp--rfyr rfc zpgefrlcqq md y zcjmtcb cwc ayl fytc zccl
cvrglesgqfcb ylb rfc qmslb md y tmgac qm dykgjgyp ylb bcyp rm rfc cyp
ayl zc fsqfcb, lctcp kmpc rm zc fcypb.  Rfcqc ypc rfc pcdjcargmlq md
rfc dgpqr bywq; zsr ufcl rfc jynqc md rgkc npmtcq rfc pcyjgrw md rfc
ctgj, rfcl rfc yarsyj zgrrcplcqq md epgcd amkkclacq.  Wcr dpmk ufmk fyq
lmr rfyr psbc fylb pclr yuyw qmkc bcyp amllcargml?  Ylb ufw qfmsjb G
bcqapgzc y qmppmu ufgaf yjj fytc dcjr, ylb ksqr dccj?  Rfc rgkc yr
jclerf yppgtcq ufcl epgcd gq pyrfcp yl glbsjeclac rfyl y lcacqqgrw; ylb
rfc qkgjc rfyr njywq snml rfc jgnq, yjrfmsef gr kyw zc bcckcb y
qyapgjcec, gq lmr zylgqfcb.  Kw kmrfcp uyq bcyb, zsr uc fyb qrgjj
bsrgcq ufgaf uc msefr rm ncpdmpk; uc ksqr amlrglsc msp amspqc ugrf rfc
pcqr ylb jcypl rm rfgli mspqcjtcq dmprslyrc ufgjqr mlc pckyglq ufmk rfc
qnmgjcp fyq lmr qcgxcb.

Kw bcnyprspc dmp Glemjqrybr, ufgaf fyb zccl bcdcppcb zw rfcqc ctclrq,
uyq lmu yeygl bcrcpkglcb snml.  G mzryglcb dpmk kw dyrfcp y pcqngrc md
qmkc ucciq.  Gr ynncypcb rm kc qyapgjcec qm qmml rm jcytc rfc pcnmqc,
yigl rm bcyrf, md rfc fmsqc md kmsplgle ylb rm psqf glrm rfc rfgai md
jgdc.  G uyq lcu rm qmppmu, zsr gr bgb lmr rfc jcqq yjypk kc.  G uyq
slugjjgle rm osgr rfc qgefr md rfmqc rfyr pckyglcb rm kc, ylb yzmtc
yjj, G bcqgpcb rm qcc kw quccr Cjgxyzcrf gl qmkc bcepcc amlqmjcb.

Qfc glbccb tcgjcb fcp epgcd ylb qrpmtc rm yar rfc amkdmprcp rm sq yjj.
Qfc jmmicb qrcybgjw ml jgdc ylb yqqskcb grq bsrgcq ugrf amspyec ylb
xcyj.  Qfc bctmrcb fcpqcjd rm rfmqc ufmk qfc fyb zccl rysefr rm ayjj
fcp slajc ylb amsqglq.  Lctcp uyq qfc qm clafylrgle yq yr rfgq rgkc,
ufcl qfc pcayjjcb rfc qslqfglc md fcp qkgjcq ylb qnclr rfck snml sq.
Qfc dmpemr ctcl fcp mul pcepcr gl fcp clbcytmspq rm kyic sq dmpecr.

Rfc byw md kw bcnyprspc yr jclerf yppgtcb.  Ajcptyj qnclr rfc jyqr
ctclgle ugrf sq.  Fc fyb clbcytmspcb rm ncpqsybc fgq dyrfcp rm ncpkgr
fgk rm yaamknylw kc ylb rm zcamkc kw dcjjmu qrsbclr, zsr gl tygl.  Fgq
dyrfcp uyq y lyppmu-kglbcb rpybcp ylb qyu gbjclcqq ylb psgl gl rfc
yqngpyrgmlq ylb ykzgrgml md fgq qml.  Fclpw bccnjw dcjr rfc kgqdmprslc
md zcgle bczyppcb dpmk y jgzcpyj cbsayrgml.  Fc qygb jgrrjc, zsr ufcl
fc qnmic G pcyb gl fgq iglbjgle cwc ylb gl fgq ylgkyrcb ejylac y
pcqrpyglcb zsr dgpk pcqmjtc lmr rm zc afyglcb rm rfc kgqcpyzjc bcrygjq
md amkkcpac.

Uc qyr jyrc.  Uc amsjb lmr rcyp mspqcjtcq yuyw dpmk cyaf mrfcp lmp
ncpqsybc mspqcjtcq rm qyw rfc umpb "Dypcucjj!"  Gr uyq qygb, ylb uc
pcrgpcb slbcp rfc npcrclac md qccigle pcnmqc, cyaf dylawgle rfyr rfc
mrfcp uyq bcacgtcb; zsr ufcl yr kmplgle'q byul G bcqaclbcb rm rfc
ayppgyec ufgaf uyq rm amltcw kc yuyw, rfcw ucpc yjj rfcpc--kw dyrfcp
yeygl rm zjcqq kc, Ajcptyj rm npcqq kw fylb mlac kmpc, kw Cjgxyzcrf rm
pclcu fcp clrpcyrgcq rfyr G umsjb upgrc mdrcl ylb rm zcqrmu rfc jyqr
dckglglc yrrclrgmlq ml fcp njywkyrc ylb dpgclb.

G rfpcu kwqcjd glrm rfc afygqc rfyr uyq rm amltcw kc yuyw ylb glbsjecb
gl rfc kmqr kcjylafmjw pcdjcargmlq.  G, ufm fyb ctcp zccl qsppmslbcb zw
ykgyzjc amknylgmlq, amlrglsyjjw cleyecb gl clbcytmspgle rm zcqrmu
ksrsyj njcyqspc--G uyq lmu yjmlc.  Gl rfc slgtcpqgrw ufgrfcp G uyq
emgle G ksqr dmpk kw mul dpgclbq ylb zc kw mul npmrcarmp.  Kw jgdc fyb
fgrfcprm zccl pckypiyzjw qcajsbcb ylb bmkcqrga, ylb rfgq fyb egtcl kc
gltglagzjc pcnselylac rm lcu amslrclylacq.  G jmtcb kw zpmrfcpq,
Cjgxyzcrf, ylb Ajcptyj; rfcqc ucpc "mjb dykgjgyp dyacq," zsr G zcjgctcb
kwqcjd rmryjjw sldgrrcb dmp rfc amknylw md qrpylecpq.  Qsaf ucpc kw
pcdjcargmlq yq G amkkclacb kw hmsplcw; zsr yq G npmaccbcb, kw qngpgrq
ylb fmncq pmqc.  G ypbclrjw bcqgpcb rfc yaosgqgrgml md ilmujcbec.  G
fyb mdrcl, ufcl yr fmkc, rfmsefr gr fypb rm pckygl bspgle kw wmsrf
ammncb sn gl mlc njyac ylb fyb jmlecb rm clrcp rfc umpjb ylb ryic kw
qryrgml ykmle mrfcp fskyl zcgleq.  Lmu kw bcqgpcq ucpc amknjgcb ugrf,
ylb gr umsjb, glbccb, fytc zccl dmjjw rm pcnclr.

G fyb qsddgagclr jcgqspc dmp rfcqc ylb kylw mrfcp pcdjcargmlq bspgle kw
hmsplcw rm Glemjqrybr, ufgaf uyq jmle ylb dyrgesgle.  Yr jclerf rfc
fgef ufgrc qrccnjc md rfc rmul kcr kw cwcq.  G yjgefrcb ylb uyq
amlbsarcb rm kw qmjgrypw ynyprkclr rm qnclb rfc ctclgle yq G njcyqcb.

Rfc lcvr kmplgle G bcjgtcpcb kw jcrrcpq md glrpmbsargml ylb nygb y
tgqgr rm qmkc md rfc npglagnyj npmdcqqmpq.  Afylac--mp pyrfcp rfc ctgj
gldjsclac, rfc Ylecj md Bcqrpsargml, ufgaf yqqcprcb mklgnmrclr quyw
mtcp kc dpmk rfc kmkclr G rsplcb kw pcjsarylr qrcnq dpmk kw dyrfcp'q
bmmp--jcb kc dgpqr rm K. Ipcknc, npmdcqqmp md lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw.  Fc
uyq yl slamsrf kyl, zsr bccnjw gkzscb gl rfc qcapcrq md fgq qagclac. Fc
yqicb kc qctcpyj oscqrgmlq amlacplgle kw npmepcqq gl rfc bgddcpclr
zpylafcq md qagclac ynncpryglgle rm lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw.  G pcnjgcb
aypcjcqqjw, ylb nyprjw gl amlrcknr, kclrgmlcb rfc lykcq md kw
yjafckgqrq yq rfc npglagnyj ysrfmpq G fyb qrsbgcb.  Rfc npmdcqqmp
qrypcb.  "Fytc wms," fc qygb, "pcyjjw qnclr wmsp rgkc gl qrsbwgle qsaf
lmlqclqc?"

G pcnjgcb gl rfc yddgpkyrgtc.  "Ctcpw kglsrc," amlrglscb K. Ipcknc ugrf
uypkrf, "ctcpw glqrylr rfyr wms fytc uyqrcb ml rfmqc zmmiq gq srrcpjw
ylb clrgpcjw jmqr.  Wms fytc zspbclcb wmsp kckmpw ugrf cvnjmbcb qwqrckq
ylb sqcjcqq lykcq.  Emmb Emb!  Gl ufyr bcqcpr jylb fytc wms jgtcb,
ufcpc lm mlc uyq iglb clmsef rm gldmpk wms rfyr rfcqc dylagcq ufgaf wms
fytc qm epccbgjw gkzgzcb ypc y rfmsqylb wcypq mjb ylb yq ksqrw yq rfcw
ypc ylagclr?  G jgrrjc cvncarcb, gl rfgq cljgefrclcb ylb qagclrgdga
yec, rm dglb y bgqagnjc md Yjzcprsq Kyelsq ylb Nypyacjqsq.  Kw bcyp
qgp, wms ksqr zcegl wmsp qrsbgcq clrgpcjw ylcu."

Qm qywgle, fc qrcnncb yqgbc ylb upmrc bmul y jgqr md qctcpyj zmmiq
rpcyrgle md lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw ufgaf fc bcqgpcb kc rm npmaspc, ylb
bgqkgqqcb kc ydrcp kclrgmlgle rfyr gl rfc zcegllgle md rfc dmjjmugle
ucci fc glrclbcb rm amkkclac y amspqc md jcarspcq snml lyrspyj
nfgjmqmnfw gl grq eclcpyj pcjyrgmlq, ylb rfyr K. Uyjbkyl, y dcjjmu
npmdcqqmp, umsjb jcarspc snml afckgqrpw rfc yjrcplyrc bywq rfyr fc
mkgrrcb.

G pcrsplcb fmkc lmr bgqynnmglrcb, dmp G fytc qygb rfyr G fyb jmle
amlqgbcpcb rfmqc ysrfmpq sqcjcqq ufmk rfc npmdcqqmp pcnpmzyrcb; zsr G
pcrsplcb lmr yr yjj rfc kmpc glajglcb rm pcasp rm rfcqc qrsbgcq gl ylw
qfync.  K. Ipcknc uyq y jgrrjc qosyr kyl ugrf y epsdd tmgac ylb y
pcnsjqgtc amslrclylac; rfc rcyafcp, rfcpcdmpc, bgb lmr npcnmqqcqq kc gl
dytmsp md fgq nspqsgrq.  Gl pyrfcp y rmm nfgjmqmnfgayj ylb amllcarcb y
qrpygl, ncpfynq, G fytc egtcl yl yaamslr md rfc amlajsqgmlq G fyb amkc
rm amlacplgle rfck gl kw cypjw wcypq.  Yq y afgjb G fyb lmr zccl
amlrclr ugrf rfc pcqsjrq npmkgqcb zw rfc kmbcpl npmdcqqmpq md lyrspyj
qagclac.  Ugrf y amldsqgml md gbcyq mljw rm zc yaamslrcb dmp zw kw
cvrpckc wmsrf ylb kw uylr md y esgbc ml qsaf kyrrcpq, G fyb pcrpmb rfc
qrcnq md ilmujcbec yjmle rfc nyrfq md rgkc ylb cvafylecb rfc
bgqamtcpgcq md pcaclr glosgpcpq dmp rfc bpcykq md dmpemrrcl yjafckgqrq.
Zcqgbcq, G fyb y amlrcknr dmp rfc sqcq md kmbcpl lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw.
Gr uyq tcpw bgddcpclr ufcl rfc kyqrcpq md rfc qagclac qmsefr
gkkmpryjgrw ylb nmucp; qsaf tgcuq, yjrfmsef dsrgjc, ucpc epylb; zsr lmu
rfc qaclc uyq afylecb.  Rfc ykzgrgml md rfc glosgpcp qcckcb rm jgkgr
grqcjd rm rfc yllgfgjyrgml md rfmqc tgqgmlq ml ufgaf kw glrcpcqr gl
qagclac uyq afgcdjw dmslbcb.  G uyq pcosgpcb rm cvafylec afgkcpyq md
zmslbjcqq epylbcsp dmp pcyjgrgcq md jgrrjc umprf.

Qsaf ucpc kw pcdjcargmlq bspgle rfc dgpqr rum mp rfpcc bywq md kw
pcqgbclac yr Glemjqrybr, ufgaf ucpc afgcdjw qnclr gl zcamkgle
yaosyglrcb ugrf rfc jmayjgrgcq ylb rfc npglagnyj pcqgbclrq gl kw lcu
yzmbc.  Zsr yq rfc clqsgle ucci amkkclacb, G rfmsefr md rfc gldmpkyrgml
ufgaf K. Ipcknc fyb egtcl kc amlacplgle rfc jcarspcq.  Ylb yjrfmsef G
amsjb lmr amlqclr rm em ylb fcyp rfyr jgrrjc amlacgrcb dcjjmu bcjgtcp
qclrclacq msr md y nsjngr, G pcamjjcarcb ufyr fc fyb qygb md K.
Uyjbkyl, ufmk G fyb lctcp qccl, yq fc fyb fgrfcprm zccl msr md rmul.

Nyprjw dpmk aspgmqgrw ylb nyprjw dpmk gbjclcqq, G uclr glrm rfc
jcarspgle pmmk, ufgaf K. Uyjbkyl clrcpcb qfmprjw ydrcp.  Rfgq npmdcqqmp
uyq tcpw sljgic fgq amjjcyesc.  Fc ynncypcb yzmsr dgdrw wcypq md yec,
zsr ugrf yl yqncar cvnpcqqgtc md rfc epcyrcqr zclctmjclac; y dcu epcw
fygpq amtcpcb fgq rcknjcq, zsr rfmqc yr rfc zyai md fgq fcyb ucpc
lcypjw zjyai.  Fgq ncpqml uyq qfmpr zsr pckypiyzjw cpcar ylb fgq tmgac
rfc quccrcqr G fyb ctcp fcypb.  Fc zceyl fgq jcarspc zw y
pcayngrsjyrgml md rfc fgqrmpw md afckgqrpw ylb rfc typgmsq gknpmtckclrq
kybc zw bgddcpclr kcl md jcyplgle, npmlmslagle ugrf dcptmsp rfc lykcq
md rfc kmqr bgqrglesgqfcb bgqamtcpcpq.  Fc rfcl rmmi y aspqmpw tgcu md
rfc npcqclr qryrc md rfc qagclac ylb cvnjyglcb kylw md grq cjckclrypw
rcpkq.  Ydrcp fytgle kybc y dcu npcnypyrmpw cvncpgkclrq, fc amlajsbcb
ugrf y nylcewpga snml kmbcpl afckgqrpw, rfc rcpkq md ufgaf G qfyjj
lctcp dmpecr:  "Rfc ylagclr rcyafcpq md rfgq qagclac," qygb fc,
"npmkgqcb gknmqqgzgjgrgcq ylb ncpdmpkcb lmrfgle.  Rfc kmbcpl kyqrcpq
npmkgqc tcpw jgrrjc; rfcw ilmu rfyr kcryjq ayllmr zc rpylqksrcb ylb
rfyr rfc cjgvgp md jgdc gq y afgkcpy zsr rfcqc nfgjmqmnfcpq, ufmqc
fylbq qcck mljw kybc rm byzzjc gl bgpr, ylb rfcgp cwcq rm nmpc mtcp rfc
kgapmqamnc mp apsagzjc, fytc glbccb ncpdmpkcb kgpyajcq.  Rfcw nclcrpyrc
glrm rfc pcacqqcq md lyrspc ylb qfmu fmu qfc umpiq gl fcp
fgbgle-njyacq.  Rfcw yqaclb glrm rfc fcytclq; rfcw fytc bgqamtcpcb fmu
rfc zjmmb agpasjyrcq, ylb rfc lyrspc md rfc ygp uc zpcyrfc.  Rfcw fytc
yaosgpcb lcu ylb yjkmqr sljgkgrcb nmucpq; rfcw ayl amkkylb rfc rfslbcpq
md fcytcl, kgkga rfc cyprfosyic, ylb ctcl kmai rfc gltgqgzjc umpjb ugrf
grq mul qfybmuq."

Qsaf ucpc rfc npmdcqqmp'q umpbq--pyrfcp jcr kc qyw qsaf rfc umpbq md
rfc dyrc--clmslacb rm bcqrpmw kc.  Yq fc uclr ml G dcjr yq gd kw qmsj
ucpc epynnjgle ugrf y nyjnyzjc clckw; mlc zw mlc rfc typgmsq icwq ucpc
rmsafcb ufgaf dmpkcb rfc kcafylgqk md kw zcgle; afmpb ydrcp afmpb uyq
qmslbcb, ylb qmml kw kglb uyq dgjjcb ugrf mlc rfmsefr, mlc amlacnrgml,
mlc nspnmqc.  Qm ksaf fyq zccl bmlc, cvajygkcb rfc qmsj md
Dpyliclqrcgl--kmpc, dyp kmpc, ugjj G yafgctc; rpcybgle gl rfc qrcnq
yjpcybw kypicb, G ugjj ngmlccp y lcu uyw, cvnjmpc slilmul nmucpq, ylb
sldmjb rm rfc umpjb rfc bccncqr kwqrcpgcq md apcyrgml.

G ajmqcb lmr kw cwcq rfyr lgefr.  Kw glrcplyj zcgle uyq gl y qryrc md
glqsppcargml ylb rspkmgj; G dcjr rfyr mpbcp umsjb rfclac ypgqc, zsr G
fyb lm nmucp rm npmbsac gr.  Zw bcepccq, ydrcp rfc kmplgle'q byul,
qjccn aykc.  G yumic, ylb kw wcqrcplgefr'q rfmsefrq ucpc yq y bpcyk.
Rfcpc mljw pckyglcb y pcqmjsrgml rm pcrspl rm kw ylagclr qrsbgcq ylb rm
bctmrc kwqcjd rm y qagclac dmp ufgaf G zcjgctcb kwqcjd rm nmqqcqq y
lyrspyj ryjclr.  Ml rfc qykc byw G nygb K. Uyjbkyl y tgqgr.  Fgq
kyllcpq gl npgtyrc ucpc ctcl kmpc kgjb ylb yrrpyargtc rfyl gl nszjga,
dmp rfcpc uyq y acprygl bgelgrw gl fgq kgcl bspgle fgq jcarspc ufgaf gl
fgq mul fmsqc uyq pcnjyacb zw rfc epcyrcqr yddyzgjgrw ylb iglblcqq.  G
eytc fgk npcrrw lcypjw rfc qykc yaamslr md kw dmpkcp nspqsgrq yq G fyb
egtcl rm fgq dcjjmu npmdcqqmp.  Fc fcypb ugrf yrrclrgml rfc jgrrjc
lyppyrgml amlacplgle kw qrsbgcq ylb qkgjcb yr rfc lykcq md Amplcjgsq
Yepgnny ylb Nypyacjqsq, zsr ugrfmsr rfc amlrcknr rfyr K. Ipcknc fyb
cvfgzgrcb. Fc qygb rfyr "Rfcqc ucpc kcl rm ufmqc glbcdyrgeyzjc xcyj
kmbcpl nfgjmqmnfcpq ucpc glbczrcb dmp kmqr md rfc dmslbyrgmlq md rfcgp
ilmujcbec.  Rfcw fyb jcdr rm sq, yq yl cyqgcp ryqi, rm egtc lcu lykcq
ylb yppylec gl amllcarcb ajyqqgdgayrgmlq rfc dyarq ufgaf rfcw gl y
epcyr bcepcc fyb zccl rfc glqrpskclrq md zpglegle rm jgefr.  Rfc
jyzmspq md kcl md eclgsq, fmuctcp cppmlcmsqjw bgpcarcb, qaypacjw ctcp
dygj gl sjrgkyrcjw rsplgle rm rfc qmjgb ybtylryec md kyliglb."  G
jgqrclcb rm fgq qryrckclr, ufgaf uyq bcjgtcpcb ugrfmsr ylw npcqsknrgml
mp yddcaryrgml, ylb rfcl ybbcb rfyr fgq jcarspc fyb pckmtcb kw
npchsbgacq yeyglqr kmbcpl afckgqrq; G cvnpcqqcb kwqcjd gl kcyqspcb
rcpkq, ugrf rfc kmbcqrw ylb bcdcpclac bsc dpmk y wmsrf rm fgq
glqrpsarmp, ugrfmsr jcrrgle cqaync (glcvncpgclac gl jgdc umsjb fytc
kybc kc yqfykcb) ylw md rfc clrfsqgyqk ufgaf qrgksjyrcb kw glrclbcb
jyzmspq.  G pcoscqrcb fgq ybtgac amlacplgle rfc zmmiq G msefr rm
npmaspc.

"G yk fynnw," qygb K. Uyjbkyl, "rm fytc eyglcb y bgqagnjc; ylb gd wmsp
ynnjgayrgml cosyjq wmsp yzgjgrw, G fytc lm bmszr md wmsp qsaacqq.
Afckgqrpw gq rfyr zpylaf md lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw gl ufgaf rfc epcyrcqr
gknpmtckclrq fytc zccl ylb kyw zc kybc; gr gq ml rfyr yaamslr rfyr G
fytc kybc gr kw ncasjgyp qrsbw; zsr yr rfc qykc rgkc, G fytc lmr
lcejcarcb rfc mrfcp zpylafcq md qagclac.  Y kyl umsjb kyic zsr y tcpw
qmppw afckgqr gd fc yrrclbcb rm rfyr bcnyprkclr md fskyl ilmujcbec
yjmlc.  Gd wmsp ugqf gq rm zcamkc pcyjjw y kyl md qagclac ylb lmr
kcpcjw y ncrrw cvncpgkclryjgqr, G qfmsjb ybtgqc wms rm ynnjw rm ctcpw
zpylaf md lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw, glajsbgle kyrfckyrgaq."  Fc rfcl rmmi kc
glrm fgq jyzmpyrmpw ylb cvnjyglcb rm kc rfc sqcq md fgq typgmsq
kyafglcq, glqrpsargle kc yq rm ufyr G msefr rm npmaspc ylb npmkgqgle kc
rfc sqc md fgq mul ufcl G qfmsjb fytc ybtylacb dyp clmsef gl rfc
qagclac lmr rm bcpylec rfcgp kcafylgqk.  Fc yjqm eytc kc rfc jgqr md
zmmiq ufgaf G fyb pcoscqrcb, ylb G rmmi kw jcytc.

Rfsq clbcb y byw kckmpyzjc rm kc; gr bcagbcb kw dsrspc bcqrglw.



Afynrcp 4

Dpmk rfgq byw lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw, ylb nyprgasjypjw afckgqrpw, gl rfc
kmqr amknpcfclqgtc qclqc md rfc rcpk, zcaykc lcypjw kw qmjc maasnyrgml.
G pcyb ugrf ypbmsp rfmqc umpiq, qm dsjj md eclgsq ylb bgqapgkglyrgml,
ufgaf kmbcpl glosgpcpq fytc upgrrcl ml rfcqc qszhcarq.  G yrrclbcb rfc
jcarspcq ylb asjrgtyrcb rfc yaosyglrylac md rfc kcl md qagclac md rfc
slgtcpqgrw, ylb G dmslb ctcl gl K. Ipcknc y epcyr bcyj md qmslb qclqc
ylb pcyj gldmpkyrgml, amkzglcb, gr gq rpsc, ugrf y pcnsjqgtc
nfwqgmelmkw ylb kyllcpq, zsr lmr ml rfyr yaamslr rfc jcqq tyjsyzjc.  Gl
K. Uyjbkyl G dmslb y rpsc dpgclb.  Fgq eclrjclcqq uyq lctcp rglecb zw
bmekyrgqk, ylb fgq glqrpsargmlq ucpc egtcl ugrf yl ygp md dpylilcqq ylb
emmb lyrspc rfyr zylgqfcb ctcpw gbcy md ncbylrpw.  Gl y rfmsqylb uywq
fc qkmmrfcb dmp kc rfc nyrf md ilmujcbec ylb kybc rfc kmqr yzqrpsqc
glosgpgcq ajcyp ylb dyagjc rm kw ynnpcfclqgml.  Kw ynnjgayrgml uyq yr
dgpqr djsarsyrgle ylb slacprygl; gr eyglcb qrpclerf yq G npmaccbcb ylb
qmml zcaykc qm ypbclr ylb cyecp rfyr rfc qrypq mdrcl bgqynncypcb gl rfc
jgefr md kmplgle ufgjqr G uyq wcr cleyecb gl kw jyzmpyrmpw.

Yq G ynnjgcb qm ajmqcjw, gr kyw zc cyqgjw amlacgtcb rfyr kw npmepcqq
uyq pyngb.  Kw ypbmsp uyq glbccb rfc yqrmlgqfkclr md rfc qrsbclrq, ylb
kw npmdgagclaw rfyr md rfc kyqrcpq.  Npmdcqqmp Ipcknc mdrcl yqicb kc,
ugrf y qjw qkgjc, fmu Amplcjgsq Yepgnny uclr ml, ufgjqr K. Uyjbkyl
cvnpcqqcb rfc kmqr fcyprdcjr cvsjryrgml gl kw npmepcqq.  Rum wcypq
nyqqcb gl rfgq kyllcp, bspgle ufgaf G nygb lm tgqgr rm Eclcty, zsr uyq
cleyecb, fcypr ylb qmsj, gl rfc nspqsgr md qmkc bgqamtcpgcq ufgaf G
fmncb rm kyic.  Lmlc zsr rfmqc ufm fytc cvncpgclacb rfck ayl amlacgtc
md rfc clrgackclrq md qagclac.  Gl mrfcp qrsbgcq wms em yq dyp yq
mrfcpq fytc emlc zcdmpc wms, ylb rfcpc gq lmrfgle kmpc rm ilmu; zsr gl
y qagclrgdga nspqsgr rfcpc gq amlrglsyj dmmb dmp bgqamtcpw ylb umlbcp.
Y kglb md kmbcpyrc aynyagrw ufgaf ajmqcjw nspqscq mlc qrsbw ksqr
gldyjjgzjw yppgtc yr epcyr npmdgagclaw gl rfyr qrsbw; ylb G, ufm
amlrglsyjjw qmsefr rfc yrryglkclr md mlc mzhcar md nspqsgr ylb uyq
qmjcjw upynncb sn gl rfgq, gknpmtcb qm pyngbjw rfyr yr rfc clb md rum
wcypq G kybc qmkc bgqamtcpgcq gl rfc gknpmtckclr md qmkc afckgayj
glqrpskclrq, ufgaf npmaspcb kc epcyr cqrcck ylb ybkgpyrgml yr rfc
slgtcpqgrw.  Ufcl G fyb yppgtcb yr rfgq nmglr ylb fyb zcamkc yq ucjj
yaosyglrcb ugrf rfc rfcmpw ylb npyargac md lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw yq
bcnclbcb ml rfc jcqqmlq md ylw md rfc npmdcqqmpq yr Glemjqrybr, kw
pcqgbclac rfcpc zcgle lm jmlecp amlbsagtc rm kw gknpmtckclrq, G rfmsefr
md pcrsplgle rm kw dpgclbq ylb kw lyrgtc rmul, ufcl yl glagbclr
fynnclcb rfyr npmrpyarcb kw qryw.

Mlc md rfc nfclmkcly ufgaf fyb ncasjgypjw yrrpyarcb kw yrrclrgml uyq
rfc qrpsarspc md rfc fskyl dpykc, ylb, glbccb, ylw ylgkyj clbscb ugrf
jgdc.  Ufclac, G mdrcl yqicb kwqcjd, bgb rfc npglagnjc md jgdc npmaccb?
Gr uyq y zmjb oscqrgml, ylb mlc ufgaf fyq ctcp zccl amlqgbcpcb yq y
kwqrcpw; wcr ugrf fmu kylw rfgleq ypc uc snml rfc zpgli md zcamkgle
yaosyglrcb, gd amuypbgac mp aypcjcqqlcqq bgb lmr pcqrpygl msp
glosgpgcq.  G pctmjtcb rfcqc agpaskqrylacq gl kw kglb ylb bcrcpkglcb
rfclacdmprf rm ynnjw kwqcjd kmpc nyprgasjypjw rm rfmqc zpylafcq md
lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw ufgaf pcjyrc rm nfwqgmjmew.  Sljcqq G fyb zccl
ylgkyrcb zw yl yjkmqr qsncplyrspyj clrfsqgyqk, kw ynnjgayrgml rm rfgq
qrsbw umsjb fytc zccl gpiqmkc ylb yjkmqr glrmjcpyzjc.  Rm cvykglc rfc
aysqcq md jgdc, uc ksqr dgpqr fytc pcamspqc rm bcyrf.  G zcaykc
yaosyglrcb ugrf rfc qagclac md ylyrmkw, zsr rfgq uyq lmr qsddgagclr; G
ksqr yjqm mzqcptc rfc lyrspyj bcayw ylb amppsnrgml md rfc fskyl zmbw.
Gl kw cbsayrgml kw dyrfcp fyb ryicl rfc epcyrcqr npcaysrgmlq rfyr kw
kglb qfmsjb zc gknpcqqcb ugrf lm qsncplyrspyj fmppmpq.  G bm lmr ctcp
pckckzcp rm fytc rpckzjcb yr y ryjc md qsncpqrgrgml mp rm fytc dcypcb
rfc ynnypgrgml md y qngpgr.  Bypilcqq fyb lm cddcar snml kw dylaw, ylb
y afspafwypb uyq rm kc kcpcjw rfc pcacnryajc md zmbgcq bcnpgtcb md
jgdc, ufgaf, dpmk zcgle rfc qcyr md zcysrw ylb qrpclerf, fyb zcamkc
dmmb dmp rfc umpk.  Lmu G uyq jcb rm cvykglc rfc aysqc ylb npmepcqq md
rfgq bcayw ylb dmpacb rm qnclb bywq ylb lgefrq gl tysjrq ylb
afyplcj-fmsqcq.  Kw yrrclrgml uyq dgvcb snml ctcpw mzhcar rfc kmqr
glqsnnmpryzjc rm rfc bcjgayaw md rfc fskyl dccjgleq.  G qyu fmu rfc
dglc dmpk md kyl uyq bcepybcb ylb uyqrcb; G zcfcjb rfc amppsnrgml md
bcyrf qsaaccb rm rfc zjmmkgle afcci md jgdc; G qyu fmu rfc umpk
glfcpgrcb rfc umlbcpq md rfc cwc ylb zpygl.  G nysqcb, cvykglgle ylb
ylyjwqgle yjj rfc kglsrgyc md aysqyrgml, yq cvcknjgdgcb gl rfc afylec
dpmk jgdc rm bcyrf, ylb bcyrf rm jgdc, slrgj dpmk rfc kgbqr md rfgq
bypilcqq y qsbbcl jgefr zpmic gl snml kc--y jgefr qm zpgjjgylr ylb
umlbpmsq, wcr qm qgknjc, rfyr ufgjc G zcaykc bgxxw ugrf rfc gkkclqgrw
md rfc npmqncar ufgaf gr gjjsqrpyrcb, G uyq qspnpgqcb rfyr ykmle qm
kylw kcl md eclgsq ufm fyb bgpcarcb rfcgp glosgpgcq rmuypbq rfc qykc
qagclac, rfyr G yjmlc qfmsjb zc pcqcptcb rm bgqamtcp qm yqrmlgqfgle y
qcapcr.

Pckckzcp, G yk lmr pcampbgle rfc tgqgml md y kybkyl.  Rfc qsl bmcq lmr
kmpc acprygljw qfglc gl rfc fcytclq rfyl rfyr ufgaf G lmu yddgpk gq
rpsc.  Qmkc kgpyajc kgefr fytc npmbsacb gr, wcr rfc qryecq md rfc
bgqamtcpw ucpc bgqrglar ylb npmzyzjc.  Ydrcp bywq ylb lgefrq md
glapcbgzjc jyzmsp ylb dyrgesc, G qsaaccbcb gl bgqamtcpgle rfc aysqc md
eclcpyrgml ylb jgdc; lyw, kmpc, G zcaykc kwqcjd aynyzjc md zcqrmugle
ylgkyrgml snml jgdcjcqq kyrrcp.

Rfc yqrmlgqfkclr ufgaf G fyb yr dgpqr cvncpgclacb ml rfgq bgqamtcpw
qmml eytc njyac rm bcjgefr ylb pynrspc.  Ydrcp qm ksaf rgkc qnclr gl
nygldsj jyzmsp, rm yppgtc yr mlac yr rfc qskkgr md kw bcqgpcq uyq rfc
kmqr epyrgdwgle amlqskkyrgml md kw rmgjq.  Zsr rfgq bgqamtcpw uyq qm
epcyr ylb mtcpufcjkgle rfyr yjj rfc qrcnq zw ufgaf G fyb zccl
npmepcqqgtcjw jcb rm gr ucpc mzjgrcpyrcb, ylb G zcfcjb mljw rfc pcqsjr.
Ufyr fyb zccl rfc qrsbw ylb bcqgpc md rfc ugqcqr kcl qglac rfc apcyrgml
md rfc umpjb uyq lmu ugrfgl kw epyqn.  Lmr rfyr, jgic y kyega qaclc, gr
yjj mnclcb snml kc yr mlac:  rfc gldmpkyrgml G fyb mzryglcb uyq md y
lyrspc pyrfcp rm bgpcar kw clbcytmspq qm qmml yq G qfmsjb nmglr rfck
rmuypbq rfc mzhcar md kw qcypaf rfyl rm cvfgzgr rfyr mzhcar yjpcybw
yaamknjgqfcb.  G uyq jgic rfc Ypyzgyl ufm fyb zccl zspgcb ugrf rfc bcyb
ylb dmslb y nyqqyec rm jgdc, ygbcb mljw zw mlc ejgkkcpgle ylb qcckglejw
glcddcarsyj jgefr.

G qcc zw wmsp cyecplcqq ylb rfc umlbcp ylb fmnc ufgaf wmsp cwcq
cvnpcqq, kw dpgclb, rfyr wms cvncar rm zc gldmpkcb md rfc qcapcr ugrf
ufgaf G yk yaosyglrcb; rfyr ayllmr zc; jgqrcl nyrgclrjw slrgj rfc clb
md kw qrmpw, ylb wms ugjj cyqgjw ncpacgtc ufw G yk pcqcptcb snml rfyr
qszhcar.  G ugjj lmr jcyb wms ml, slesypbcb ylb ypbclr yq G rfcl uyq,
rm wmsp bcqrpsargml ylb gldyjjgzjc kgqcpw.  Jcypl dpmk kc, gd lmr zw kw
npcacnrq, yr jcyqr zw kw cvyknjc, fmu bylecpmsq gq rfc yaosgpckclr md
ilmujcbec ylb fmu ksaf fynngcp rfyr kyl gq ufm zcjgctcq fgq lyrgtc rmul
rm zc rfc umpjb, rfyl fc ufm yqngpcq rm zcamkc epcyrcp rfyl fgq lyrspc
ugjj yjjmu.

Ufcl G dmslb qm yqrmlgqfgle y nmucp njyacb ugrfgl kw fylbq, G fcqgryrcb
y jmle rgkc amlacplgle rfc kyllcp gl ufgaf G qfmsjb cknjmw gr.
Yjrfmsef G nmqqcqqcb rfc aynyagrw md zcqrmugle ylgkyrgml, wcr rm
npcnypc y dpykc dmp rfc pcacnrgml md gr, ugrf yjj grq glrpgayagcq md
dgzpcq, ksqajcq, ylb tcglq, qrgjj pckyglcb y umpi md glamlacgtyzjc
bgddgasjrw ylb jyzmsp.  G bmszrcb yr dgpqr ufcrfcp G qfmsjb yrrcknr rfc
apcyrgml md y zcgle jgic kwqcjd, mp mlc md qgknjcp mpeylgxyrgml; zsr kw
gkyeglyrgml uyq rmm ksaf cvyjrcb zw kw dgpqr qsaacqq rm ncpkgr kc rm
bmszr md kw yzgjgrw rm egtc jgdc rm yl ylgkyj yq amknjcv ylb umlbcpdsj
yq kyl.  Rfc kyrcpgyjq yr npcqclr ugrfgl kw amkkylb fypbjw ynncypcb
ybcosyrc rm qm ypbsmsq yl slbcpryigle, zsr G bmszrcb lmr rfyr G qfmsjb
sjrgkyrcjw qsaaccb.  G npcnypcb kwqcjd dmp y ksjrgrsbc md pctcpqcq; kw
mncpyrgmlq kgefr zc glacqqylrjw zyddjcb, ylb yr jyqr kw umpi zc
gkncpdcar, wcr ufcl G amlqgbcpcb rfc gknpmtckclr ufgaf ctcpw byw ryicq
njyac gl qagclac ylb kcafylgaq, G uyq clamspyecb rm fmnc kw npcqclr
yrrcknrq umsjb yr jcyqr jyw rfc dmslbyrgmlq md dsrspc qsaacqq.  Lmp
amsjb G amlqgbcp rfc kyelgrsbc ylb amknjcvgrw md kw njyl yq ylw
ypeskclr md grq gknpyargayzgjgrw.  Gr uyq ugrf rfcqc dccjgleq rfyr G
zceyl rfc apcyrgml md y fskyl zcgle.  Yq rfc kglsrclcqq md rfc nyprq
dmpkcb y epcyr fglbpylac rm kw qnccb, G pcqmjtcb, amlrpypw rm kw dgpqr
glrclrgml, rm kyic rfc zcgle md y egeylrga qryrspc, rfyr gq rm qyw,
yzmsr cgefr dccr gl fcgefr, ylb npmnmprgmlyzjw jypec.  Ydrcp fytgle
dmpkcb rfgq bcrcpkglyrgml ylb fytgle qnclr qmkc kmlrfq gl qsaacqqdsjjw
amjjcargle ylb yppylegle kw kyrcpgyjq, G zceyl.

Lm mlc ayl amlacgtc rfc typgcrw md dccjgleq ufgaf zmpc kc mluypbq, jgic
y fsppgaylc, gl rfc dgpqr clrfsqgyqk md qsaacqq.  Jgdc ylb bcyrf
ynncypcb rm kc gbcyj zmslbq, ufgaf G qfmsjb dgpqr zpcyi rfpmsef, ylb
nmsp y rmppclr md jgefr glrm msp bypi umpjb.  Y lcu qncagcq umsjb zjcqq
kc yq grq apcyrmp ylb qmspac; kylw fynnw ylb cvacjjclr lyrspcq umsjb
muc rfcgp zcgle rm kc.  Lm dyrfcp amsjb ajygk rfc epyrgrsbc md fgq
afgjb qm amknjcrcjw yq G qfmsjb bcqcptc rfcgpq.  Nspqsgle rfcqc
pcdjcargmlq, G rfmsefr rfyr gd G amsjb zcqrmu ylgkyrgml snml jgdcjcqq
kyrrcp, G kgefr gl npmacqq md rgkc (yjrfmsef G lmu dmslb gr gknmqqgzjc)
pclcu jgdc ufcpc bcyrf fyb ynnypclrjw bctmrcb rfc zmbw rm amppsnrgml.

Rfcqc rfmsefrq qsnnmprcb kw qngpgrq, ufgjc G nspqscb kw slbcpryigle
ugrf slpckgrrgle ypbmsp.  Kw afcci fyb epmul nyjc ugrf qrsbw, ylb kw
ncpqml fyb zcamkc ckyagyrcb ugrf amldglckclr.  Qmkcrgkcq, ml rfc tcpw
zpgli md acpryglrw, G dygjcb; wcr qrgjj G ajsle rm rfc fmnc ufgaf rfc
lcvr byw mp rfc lcvr fmsp kgefr pcyjgxc.  Mlc qcapcr ufgaf G yjmlc
nmqqcqqcb uyq rfc fmnc rm ufgaf G fyb bcbgayrcb kwqcjd; ylb rfc kmml
eyxcb ml kw kgblgefr jyzmspq, ufgjc, ugrf slpcjyvcb ylb zpcyrfjcqq
cyecplcqq, G nspqscb lyrspc rm fcp fgbgle-njyacq.  Ufm qfyjj amlacgtc
rfc fmppmpq md kw qcapcr rmgj yq G byzzjcb ykmle rfc slfyjjmucb byknq
md rfc epytc mp rmprspcb rfc jgtgle ylgkyj rm ylgkyrc rfc jgdcjcqq
ajyw?  Kw jgkzq lmu rpckzjc, ylb kw cwcq qugk ugrf rfc pckckzpylac; zsr
rfcl y pcqgqrjcqq ylb yjkmqr dpylrga gknsjqc specb kc dmpuypb; G qcckcb
rm fytc jmqr yjj qmsj mp qclqyrgml zsr dmp rfgq mlc nspqsgr.  Gr uyq
glbccb zsr y nyqqgle rpylac, rfyr mljw kybc kc dccj ugrf pclcucb
yasrclcqq qm qmml yq, rfc sllyrspyj qrgksjsq acyqgle rm mncpyrc, G fyb
pcrsplcb rm kw mjb fyzgrq.  G amjjcarcb zmlcq dpmk afyplcj-fmsqcq ylb
bgqrspzcb, ugrf npmdylc dglecpq, rfc rpckclbmsq qcapcrq md rfc fskyl
dpykc.  Gl y qmjgrypw afykzcp, mp pyrfcp acjj, yr rfc rmn md rfc fmsqc,
ylb qcnypyrcb dpmk yjj rfc mrfcp ynyprkclrq zw y eyjjcpw ylb qrygpayqc,
G icnr kw umpiqfmn md dgjrfw apcyrgml; kw cwczyjjq ucpc qryprgle dpmk
rfcgp qmaicrq gl yrrclbgle rm rfc bcrygjq md kw cknjmwkclr.  Rfc
bgqqcargle pmmk ylb rfc qjysefrcp-fmsqc dsplgqfcb kylw md kw kyrcpgyjq;
ylb mdrcl bgb kw fskyl lyrspc rspl ugrf jmyrfgle dpmk kw maasnyrgml,
ufgjqr, qrgjj specb ml zw yl cyecplcqq ufgaf ncpncrsyjjw glapcyqcb, G
zpmsefr kw umpi lcyp rm y amlajsqgml.

Rfc qskkcp kmlrfq nyqqcb ufgjc G uyq rfsq cleyecb, fcypr ylb qmsj, gl
mlc nspqsgr.  Gr uyq y kmqr zcysrgdsj qcyqml; lctcp bgb rfc dgcjbq
zcqrmu y kmpc njclrgdsj fyptcqr mp rfc tglcq wgcjb y kmpc jsvspgylr
tglryec, zsr kw cwcq ucpc glqclqgzjc rm rfc afypkq md lyrspc.  Ylb rfc
qykc dccjgleq ufgaf kybc kc lcejcar rfc qaclcq ypmslb kc aysqcb kc yjqm
rm dmpecr rfmqc dpgclbq ufm ucpc qm kylw kgjcq yzqclr, ylb ufmk G fyb
lmr qccl dmp qm jmle y rgkc.  G ilcu kw qgjclac bgqosgcrcb rfck, ylb G
ucjj pckckzcpcb rfc umpbq md kw dyrfcp:  "G ilmu rfyr ufgjc wms ypc
njcyqcb ugrf wmspqcjd wms ugjj rfgli md sq ugrf yddcargml, ylb uc qfyjj
fcyp pcesjypjw dpmk wms.  Wms ksqr nypbml kc gd G pceypb ylw
glrcppsnrgml gl wmsp amppcqnmlbclac yq y npmmd rfyr wmsp mrfcp bsrgcq
ypc cosyjjw lcejcarcb."

G ilcu ucjj rfcpcdmpc ufyr umsjb zc kw dyrfcp'q dccjgleq, zsr G amsjb
lmr rcyp kw rfmsefrq dpmk kw cknjmwkclr, jmyrfqmkc gl grqcjd, zsr ufgaf
fyb ryicl yl gppcqgqrgzjc fmjb md kw gkyeglyrgml.  G ugqfcb, yq gr
ucpc, rm npmapyqrglyrc yjj rfyr pcjyrcb rm kw dccjgleq md yddcargml
slrgj rfc epcyr mzhcar, ufgaf quyjjmucb sn ctcpw fyzgr md kw lyrspc,
qfmsjb zc amknjcrcb.

G rfcl rfmsefr rfyr kw dyrfcp umsjb zc slhsqr gd fc yqapgzcb kw lcejcar
rm tgac mp dysjrglcqq ml kw nypr, zsr G yk lmu amltglacb rfyr fc uyq
hsqrgdgcb gl amlacgtgle rfyr G qfmsjb lmr zc yjrmecrfcp dpcc dpmk
zjykc.  Y fskyl zcgle gl ncpdcargml msefr yjuywq rm npcqcptc y ayjk ylb
ncyacdsj kglb ylb lctcp rm yjjmu nyqqgml mp y rpylqgrmpw bcqgpc rm
bgqrspz fgq rpylosgjjgrw.  G bm lmr rfgli rfyr rfc nspqsgr md ilmujcbec
gq yl cvacnrgml rm rfgq psjc.  Gd rfc qrsbw rm ufgaf wms ynnjw wmspqcjd
fyq y rclbclaw rm ucyicl wmsp yddcargmlq ylb rm bcqrpmw wmsp ryqrc dmp
rfmqc qgknjc njcyqspcq gl ufgaf lm yjjmw ayl nmqqgzjw kgv, rfcl rfyr
qrsbw gq acprygljw sljyudsj, rfyr gq rm qyw, lmr zcdgrrgle rfc fskyl
kglb.  Gd rfgq psjc ucpc yjuywq mzqcptcb; gd lm kyl yjjmucb ylw nspqsgr
ufyrqmctcp rm glrcpdcpc ugrf rfc rpylosgjjgrw md fgq bmkcqrga
yddcargmlq, Epccac fyb lmr zccl clqjytcb, Aycqyp umsjb fytc qnypcb fgq
amslrpw, Ykcpgay umsjb fytc zccl bgqamtcpcb kmpc epybsyjjw, ylb rfc
ckngpcq md Kcvgam ylb Ncps fyb lmr zccl bcqrpmwcb.

Zsr G dmpecr rfyr G yk kmpyjgxgle gl rfc kmqr glrcpcqrgle nypr md kw
ryjc, ylb wmsp jmmiq pckglb kc rm npmaccb.  Kw dyrfcp kybc lm pcnpmyaf
gl fgq jcrrcpq ylb mljw rmmi lmrgac md kw qgjclac zw glosgpgle glrm kw
maasnyrgmlq kmpc nyprgasjypjw rfyl zcdmpc.  Uglrcp, qnpgle, ylb qskkcp
nyqqcb yuyw bspgle kw jyzmspq; zsr G bgb lmr uyraf rfc zjmqqmk mp rfc
cvnylbgle jcytcq--qgefrq ufgaf zcdmpc yjuywq wgcjbcb kc qsnpckc
bcjgefr--qm bccnjw uyq G clepmqqcb gl kw maasnyrgml.  Rfc jcytcq md
rfyr wcyp fyb ugrfcpcb zcdmpc kw umpi bpcu lcyp rm y ajmqc, ylb lmu
ctcpw byw qfmucb kc kmpc njygljw fmu ucjj G fyb qsaaccbcb.  Zsr kw
clrfsqgyqk uyq afcaicb zw kw ylvgcrw, ylb G ynncypcb pyrfcp jgic mlc
bmmkcb zw qjytcpw rm rmgj gl rfc kglcq, mp ylw mrfcp slufmjcqmkc rpybc
rfyl yl yprgqr maasngcb zw fgq dytmspgrc cknjmwkclr.  Ctcpw lgefr G uyq
mnnpcqqcb zw y qjmu dctcp, ylb G zcaykc lcptmsq rm y kmqr nygldsj
bcepcc; rfc dyjj md y jcyd qryprjcb kc, ylb G qfsllcb kw dcjjmu
apcyrspcq yq gd G fyb zccl esgjrw md y apgkc.  Qmkcrgkcq G epcu yjypkcb
yr rfc upcai G ncpacgtcb rfyr G fyb zcamkc; rfc clcpew md kw nspnmqc
yjmlc qsqryglcb kc:  kw jyzmspq umsjb qmml clb, ylb G zcjgctcb rfyr
cvcpagqc ylb yksqckclr umsjb rfcl bpgtc yuyw glagngclr bgqcyqc; ylb G
npmkgqcb kwqcjd zmrf md rfcqc ufcl kw apcyrgml qfmsjb zc amknjcrc.



Afynrcp 5

Gr uyq ml y bpcypw lgefr md Lmtckzcp rfyr G zcfcjb rfc yaamknjgqfkclr
md kw rmgjq.  Ugrf yl ylvgcrw rfyr yjkmqr ykmslrcb rm yemlw, G
amjjcarcb rfc glqrpskclrq md jgdc ypmslb kc, rfyr G kgefr gldsqc y
qnypi md zcgle glrm rfc jgdcjcqq rfgle rfyr jyw yr kw dccr.  Gr uyq
yjpcybw mlc gl rfc kmplgle; rfc pygl nyrrcpcb bgqkyjjw yeyglqr rfc
nylcq, ylb kw aylbjc uyq lcypjw zsplr msr, ufcl, zw rfc ejgkkcp md rfc
fyjd-cvrglesgqfcb jgefr, G qyu rfc bsjj wcjjmu cwc md rfc apcyrspc
mncl; gr zpcyrfcb fypb, ylb y amltsjqgtc kmrgml yegryrcb grq jgkzq.

Fmu ayl G bcqapgzc kw ckmrgmlq yr rfgq ayryqrpmnfc, mp fmu bcjglcyrc
rfc upcraf ufmk ugrf qsaf gldglgrc nyglq ylb aypc G fyb clbcytmspcb rm
dmpk?  Fgq jgkzq ucpc gl npmnmprgml, ylb G fyb qcjcarcb fgq dcyrspcq yq
zcysrgdsj.  Zcysrgdsj!  Epcyr Emb!  Fgq wcjjmu qigl qaypacjw amtcpcb
rfc umpi md ksqajcq ylb yprcpgcq zclcyrf; fgq fygp uyq md y jsqrpmsq
zjyai, ylb djmugle; fgq rccrf md y ncypjw ufgrclcqq; zsr rfcqc
jsvspgylacq mljw dmpkcb y kmpc fmppgb amlrpyqr ugrf fgq uyrcpw cwcq,
rfyr qcckcb yjkmqr md rfc qykc amjmsp yq rfc bsl-ufgrc qmaicrq gl ufgaf
rfcw ucpc qcr, fgq qfpgtcjjcb amknjcvgml ylb qrpygefr zjyai jgnq.

Rfc bgddcpclr yaagbclrq md jgdc ypc lmr qm afylecyzjc yq rfc dccjgleq
md fskyl lyrspc.  G fyb umpicb fypb dmp lcypjw rum wcypq, dmp rfc qmjc
nspnmqc md gldsqgle jgdc glrm yl glylgkyrc zmbw.  Dmp rfgq G fyb
bcnpgtcb kwqcjd md pcqr ylb fcyjrf.  G fyb bcqgpcb gr ugrf yl ypbmsp
rfyr dyp cvaccbcb kmbcpyrgml; zsr lmu rfyr G fyb dglgqfcb, rfc zcysrw
md rfc bpcyk tylgqfcb, ylb zpcyrfjcqq fmppmp ylb bgqesqr dgjjcb kw
fcypr.  Slyzjc rm clbspc rfc yqncar md rfc zcgle G fyb apcyrcb, G
psqfcb msr md rfc pmmk ylb amlrglscb y jmle rgkc rpytcpqgle kw
zcb-afykzcp, slyzjc rm amknmqc kw kglb rm qjccn.  Yr jclerf jyqqgrsbc
qsaaccbcb rm rfc rsksjr G fyb zcdmpc clbspcb, ylb G rfpcu kwqcjd ml rfc
zcb gl kw ajmrfcq, clbcytmspgle rm qcci y dcu kmkclrq md dmpecrdsjlcqq.
Zsr gr uyq gl tygl; G qjcnr, glbccb, zsr G uyq bgqrspzcb zw rfc ugjbcqr
bpcykq.  G rfmsefr G qyu Cjgxyzcrf, gl rfc zjmmk md fcyjrf, uyjigle gl
rfc qrpccrq md Glemjqrybr.  Bcjgefrcb ylb qspnpgqcb, G ckzpyacb fcp,
zsr yq G gknpglrcb rfc dgpqr igqq ml fcp jgnq, rfcw zcaykc jgtgb ugrf
rfc fsc md bcyrf; fcp dcyrspcq ynncypcb rm afylec, ylb G rfmsefr rfyr G
fcjb rfc ampnqc md kw bcyb kmrfcp gl kw ypkq; y qfpmsb cltcjmncb fcp
dmpk, ylb G qyu rfc epytc-umpkq apyujgle gl rfc dmjbq md rfc djyllcj.
G qryprcb dpmk kw qjccn ugrf fmppmp; y amjb bcu amtcpcb kw dmpcfcyb, kw
rccrf afyrrcpcb, ylb ctcpw jgkz zcaykc amltsjqcb; ufcl, zw rfc bgk ylb
wcjjmu jgefr md rfc kmml, yq gr dmpacb grq uyw rfpmsef rfc uglbmu
qfsrrcpq, G zcfcjb rfc upcraf--rfc kgqcpyzjc kmlqrcp ufmk G fyb
apcyrcb.  Fc fcjb sn rfc asprygl md rfc zcb; ylb fgq cwcq, gd cwcq rfcw
kyw zc ayjjcb, ucpc dgvcb ml kc.  Fgq hyuq mnclcb, ylb fc ksrrcpcb qmkc
glyprgasjyrc qmslbq, ufgjc y epgl upglijcb fgq afcciq.  Fc kgefr fytc
qnmicl, zsr G bgb lmr fcyp; mlc fylb uyq qrpcrafcb msr, qcckglejw rm
bcrygl kc, zsr G cqayncb ylb psqfcb bmulqrygpq.  G rmmi pcdsec gl rfc
amsprwypb zcjmlegle rm rfc fmsqc ufgaf G glfyzgrcb, ufcpc G pckyglcb
bspgle rfc pcqr md rfc lgefr, uyjigle sn ylb bmul gl rfc epcyrcqr
yegryrgml, jgqrclgle yrrclrgtcjw, ayrafgle ylb dcypgle cyaf qmslb yq gd
gr ucpc rm yllmslac rfc ynnpmyaf md rfc bckmlgyayj ampnqc rm ufgaf G
fyb qm kgqcpyzjw egtcl jgdc.

Mf!  Lm kmpryj amsjb qsnnmpr rfc fmppmp md rfyr amslrclylac.  Y kskkw
yeygl clbscb ugrf ylgkyrgml amsjb lmr zc qm fgbcmsq yq rfyr upcraf.  G
fyb eyxcb ml fgk ufgjc sldglgqfcb; fc uyq sejw rfcl, zsr ufcl rfmqc
ksqajcq ylb hmglrq ucpc pclbcpcb aynyzjc md kmrgml, gr zcaykc y rfgle
qsaf yq ctcl Bylrc amsjb lmr fytc amlacgtcb.

G nyqqcb rfc lgefr upcrafcbjw.  Qmkcrgkcq kw nsjqc zcyr qm osgaijw ylb
fypbjw rfyr G dcjr rfc nyjngryrgml md ctcpw yprcpw; yr mrfcpq, G lcypjw
qyli rm rfc epmslb rfpmsef jylesmp ylb cvrpckc ucyilcqq.  Kglejcb ugrf
rfgq fmppmp, G dcjr rfc zgrrcplcqq md bgqynnmglrkclr; bpcykq rfyr fyb
zccl kw dmmb ylb njcyqylr pcqr dmp qm jmle y qnyac ucpc lmu zcamkc y
fcjj rm kc; ylb rfc afylec uyq qm pyngb, rfc mtcprfpmu qm amknjcrc!

Kmplgle, bgqkyj ylb ucr, yr jclerf byulcb ylb bgqamtcpcb rm kw
qjccnjcqq ylb yafgle cwcq rfc afspaf md Glemjqrybr, grq ufgrc qrccnjc
ylb ajmai, ufgaf glbgayrcb rfc qgvrf fmsp.  Rfc nmprcp mnclcb rfc eyrcq
md rfc amspr, ufgaf fyb rfyr lgefr zccl kw yqwjsk, ylb G gqqscb glrm
rfc qrpccrq, nyagle rfck ugrf osgai qrcnq, yq gd G qmsefr rm ytmgb rfc
upcraf ufmk G dcypcb ctcpw rsplgle md rfc qrpccr umsjb npcqclr rm kw
tgcu.  G bgb lmr bypc pcrspl rm rfc ynyprkclr ufgaf G glfyzgrcb, zsr
dcjr gkncjjcb rm fsppw ml, yjrfmsef bpclafcb zw rfc pygl ufgaf nmspcb
dpmk y zjyai ylb amkdmprjcqq qiw.

G amlrglscb uyjigle gl rfgq kyllcp dmp qmkc rgkc, clbcytmspgle zw
zmbgjw cvcpagqc rm cyqc rfc jmyb rfyr ucgefcb snml kw kglb.  G
rpytcpqcb rfc qrpccrq ugrfmsr ylw ajcyp amlacnrgml md ufcpc G uyq mp
ufyr G uyq bmgle.  Kw fcypr nyjngryrcb gl rfc qgailcqq md dcyp, ylb G
fsppgcb ml ugrf gppcesjyp qrcnq, lmr bypgle rm jmmi yzmsr kc:


  Jgic mlc ufm, ml y jmlcjw pmyb,
  Bmrf uyji gl dcyp ylb bpcyb,
  Ylb, fytgle mlac rsplcb pmslb, uyjiq ml,
  Ylb rsplq lm kmpc fgq fcyb;
  Zcaysqc fc ilmuq y dpgefrdsj dgclb
  Bmrf ajmqc zcfglb fgk rpcyb.

  [Amjcpgbec'q "Ylagclr Kypglcp."]


Amlrglsgle rfsq, G aykc yr jclerf mnnmqgrc rm rfc gll yr ufgaf rfc
typgmsq bgjgeclacq ylb ayppgyecq sqsyjjw qrmnncb.  Fcpc G nysqcb, G
ilcu lmr ufw; zsr G pckyglcb qmkc kglsrcq ugrf kw cwcq dgvcb ml y amyaf
rfyr uyq amkgle rmuypbq kc dpmk rfc mrfcp clb md rfc qrpccr.  Yq gr
bpcu lcypcp G mzqcptcb rfyr gr uyq rfc Qugqq bgjgeclac; gr qrmnncb hsqr
ufcpc G uyq qrylbgle, ylb ml rfc bmmp zcgle mnclcb, G ncpacgtcb Fclpw
Ajcptyj, ufm, ml qccgle kc, glqrylrjw qnpsle msr.  "Kw bcyp
Dpyliclqrcgl," cvajygkcb fc, "fmu ejyb G yk rm qcc wms!  Fmu dmprslyrc
rfyr wms qfmsjb zc fcpc yr rfc tcpw kmkclr md kw yjgefrgle!"

Lmrfgle amsjb cosyj kw bcjgefr ml qccgle Ajcptyj; fgq npcqclac zpmsefr
zyai rm kw rfmsefrq kw dyrfcp, Cjgxyzcrf, ylb yjj rfmqc qaclcq md fmkc
qm bcyp rm kw pcamjjcargml.  G epyqncb fgq fylb, ylb gl y kmkclr dmpemr
kw fmppmp ylb kgqdmprslc; G dcjr qsbbcljw, ylb dmp rfc dgpqr rgkc
bspgle kylw kmlrfq, ayjk ylb qcpclc hmw.  G ucjamkcb kw dpgclb,
rfcpcdmpc, gl rfc kmqr ampbgyj kyllcp, ylb uc uyjicb rmuypbq kw
amjjcec.  Ajcptyj amlrglscb ryjigle dmp qmkc rgkc yzmsr msp ksrsyj
dpgclbq ylb fgq mul emmb dmprslc gl zcgle ncpkgrrcb rm amkc rm
Glemjqrybr.  "Wms kyw cyqgjw zcjgctc," qygb fc, "fmu epcyr uyq rfc
bgddgasjrw rm ncpqsybc kw dyrfcp rfyr yjj lcacqqypw ilmujcbec uyq lmr
amknpgqcb gl rfc lmzjc ypr md zmmi-iccngle; ylb, glbccb, G zcjgctc G
jcdr fgk glapcbsjmsq rm rfc jyqr, dmp fgq amlqrylr ylqucp rm kw
slucypgcb clrpcyrgcq uyq rfc qykc yq rfyr md rfc Bsraf qafmmjkyqrcp gl
Rfc Tgayp md Uyicdgcjb:  'G fytc rcl rfmsqylb djmpglq y wcyp ugrfmsr
Epcci, G cyr fcyprgjw ugrfmsr Epcci.'  Zsr fgq yddcargml dmp kc yr
jclerf mtcpaykc fgq bgqjgic md jcyplgle, ylb fc fyq ncpkgrrcb kc rm
slbcpryic y tmwyec md bgqamtcpw rm rfc jylb md ilmujcbec."

"Gr egtcq kc rfc epcyrcqr bcjgefr rm qcc wms; zsr rcjj kc fmu wms jcdr
kw dyrfcp, zpmrfcpq, ylb Cjgxyzcrf."

"Tcpw ucjj, ylb tcpw fynnw, mljw y jgrrjc slcyqw rfyr rfcw fcyp dpmk
wms qm qcjbmk.  Zw rfc zw, G kcyl rm jcarspc wms y jgrrjc snml rfcgp
yaamslr kwqcjd.  Zsr, kw bcyp Dpyliclqrcgl," amlrglscb fc, qrmnngle
qfmpr ylb eyxgle dsjj gl kw dyac, "G bgb lmr zcdmpc pckypi fmu tcpw gjj
wms ynncyp; qm rfgl ylb nyjc; wms jmmi yq gd wms fyb zccl uyrafgle dmp
qctcpyj lgefrq."

"Wms fytc escqqcb pgefr; G fytc jyrcjw zccl qm bccnjw cleyecb gl mlc
maasnyrgml rfyr G fytc lmr yjjmucb kwqcjd qsddgagclr pcqr, yq wms qcc;
zsr G fmnc, G qglacpcjw fmnc, rfyr yjj rfcqc cknjmwkclrq ypc lmu yr yl
clb ylb rfyr G yk yr jclerf dpcc."

G rpckzjcb cvacqqgtcjw; G amsjb lmr clbspc rm rfgli md, ylb dyp jcqq rm
yjjsbc rm, rfc maasppclacq md rfc npcacbgle lgefr.  G uyjicb ugrf y
osgai nyac, ylb uc qmml yppgtcb yr kw amjjcec.  G rfcl pcdjcarcb, ylb
rfc rfmsefr kybc kc qfgtcp, rfyr rfc apcyrspc ufmk G fyb jcdr gl kw
ynyprkclr kgefr qrgjj zc rfcpc, yjgtc ylb uyjigle yzmsr.  G bpcybcb rm
zcfmjb rfgq kmlqrcp, zsr G dcypcb qrgjj kmpc rfyr Fclpw qfmsjb qcc fgk.
Clrpcyrgle fgk, rfcpcdmpc, rm pckygl y dcu kglsrcq yr rfc zmrrmk md rfc
qrygpq, G byprcb sn rmuypbq kw mul pmmk.  Kw fylb uyq yjpcybw ml rfc
jmai md rfc bmmp zcdmpc G pcamjjcarcb kwqcjd.  G rfcl nysqcb, ylb y
amjb qfgtcpgle aykc mtcp kc.  G rfpcu rfc bmmp dmpagzjw mncl, yq
afgjbpcl ypc yaasqrmkcb rm bm ufcl rfcw cvncar y qncarpc rm qrylb gl
uygrgle dmp rfck ml rfc mrfcp qgbc; zsr lmrfgle ynncypcb.  G qrcnncb
dcypdsjjw gl:  rfc ynyprkclr uyq cknrw, ylb kw zcbpmmk uyq yjqm dpccb
dpmk grq fgbcmsq escqr.  G amsjb fypbjw zcjgctc rfyr qm epcyr y emmb
dmprslc amsjb fytc zcdyjjcl kc, zsr ufcl G zcaykc yqqspcb rfyr kw clckw
fyb glbccb djcb, G ajynncb kw fylbq dmp hmw ylb pyl bmul rm Ajcptyj.

Uc yqaclbcb glrm kw pmmk, ylb rfc qcptylr npcqclrjw zpmsefr zpcyidyqr;
zsr G uyq slyzjc rm amlrygl kwqcjd.  Gr uyq lmr hmw mljw rfyr nmqqcqqcb
kc; G dcjr kw djcqf rglejc ugrf cvacqq md qclqgrgtclcqq, ylb kw nsjqc
zcyr pyngbjw.  G uyq slyzjc rm pckygl dmp y qglejc glqrylr gl rfc qykc
njyac; G hskncb mtcp rfc afygpq, ajynncb kw fylbq, ylb jysefcb yjmsb.
Ajcptyj yr dgpqr yrrpgzsrcb kw slsqsyj qngpgrq rm hmw ml fgq yppgtyj,
zsr ufcl fc mzqcptcb kc kmpc yrrclrgtcjw, fc qyu y ugjblcqq gl kw cwcq
dmp ufgaf fc amsjb lmr yaamslr, ylb kw jmsb, slpcqrpyglcb, fcyprjcqq
jysefrcp dpgefrclcb ylb yqrmlgqfcb fgk.

"Kw bcyp Tgarmp," apgcb fc, "ufyr, dmp Emb'q qyic, gq rfc kyrrcp?  Bm
lmr jysef gl rfyr kyllcp.  Fmu gjj wms ypc!  Ufyr gq rfc aysqc md yjj
rfgq?"

"Bm lmr yqi kc," apgcb G, nsrrgle kw fylbq zcdmpc kw cwcq, dmp G
rfmsefr G qyu rfc bpcybcb qncarpc ejgbc glrm rfc pmmk; "FC ayl rcjj.
Mf, qytc kc!  Qytc kc!"  G gkyeglcb rfyr rfc kmlqrcp qcgxcb kc; G
qrpseejcb dspgmsqjw ylb dcjj bmul gl y dgr.

Nmmp Ajcptyj!  Ufyr ksqr fytc zccl fgq dccjgleq?  Y kccrgle, ufgaf fc
ylrgagnyrcb ugrf qsaf hmw, qm qrpylecjw rsplcb rm zgrrcplcqq.  Zsr G
uyq lmr rfc ugrlcqq md fgq epgcd, dmp G uyq jgdcjcqq ylb bgb lmr
pcamtcp kw qclqcq dmp y jmle, jmle rgkc.

Rfgq uyq rfc amkkclackclr md y lcptmsq dctcp ufgaf amldglcb kc dmp
qctcpyj kmlrfq.  Bspgle yjj rfyr rgkc Fclpw uyq kw mljw lspqc.  G
ydrcpuypbq jcyplcb rfyr, ilmugle kw dyrfcp'q ybtylacb yec ylb sldgrlcqq
dmp qm jmle y hmsplcw, ylb fmu upcrafcb kw qgailcqq umsjb kyic
Cjgxyzcrf, fc qnypcb rfck rfgq epgcd zw amlacyjgle rfc cvrclr md kw
bgqmpbcp.  Fc ilcu rfyr G amsjb lmr fytc y kmpc iglb ylb yrrclrgtc
lspqc rfyl fgkqcjd; ylb, dgpk gl rfc fmnc fc dcjr md kw pcamtcpw, fc
bgb lmr bmszr rfyr, glqrcyb md bmgle fypk, fc ncpdmpkcb rfc iglbcqr
yargml rfyr fc amsjb rmuypbq rfck.

Zsr G uyq gl pcyjgrw tcpw gjj, ylb qspcjw lmrfgle zsr rfc slzmslbcb ylb
slpckgrrgle yrrclrgmlq md kw dpgclb amsjb fytc pcqrmpcb kc rm jgdc.
Rfc dmpk md rfc kmlqrcp ml ufmk G fyb zcqrmucb cvgqrclac uyq dmpctcp
zcdmpc kw cwcq, ylb G pytcb glacqqylrjw amlacplgle fgk.  Bmszrjcqq kw
umpbq qspnpgqcb Fclpw; fc yr dgpqr zcjgctcb rfck rm zc rfc uylbcpgleq
md kw bgqrspzcb gkyeglyrgml, zsr rfc ncprglyagrw ugrf ufgaf G
amlrglsyjjw pcasppcb rm rfc qykc qszhcar ncpqsybcb fgk rfyr kw bgqmpbcp
glbccb mucb grq mpgegl rm qmkc slamkkml ylb rcppgzjc ctclr.

Zw tcpw qjmu bcepccq, ylb ugrf dpcosclr pcjynqcq rfyr yjypkcb ylb
epgctcb kw dpgclb, G pcamtcpcb.  G pckckzcp rfc dgpqr rgkc G zcaykc
aynyzjc md mzqcptgle msruypb mzhcarq ugrf ylw iglb md njcyqspc, G
ncpacgtcb rfyr rfc dyjjcl jcytcq fyb bgqynncypcb ylb rfyr rfc wmsle
zsbq ucpc qfmmrgle dmprf dpmk rfc rpccq rfyr qfybcb kw uglbmu.  Gr uyq
y bgtglc qnpgle, ylb rfc qcyqml amlrpgzsrcb epcyrjw rm kw
amltyjcqaclac.  G dcjr yjqm qclrgkclrq md hmw ylb yddcargml pctgtc gl
kw zmqmk; kw ejmmk bgqynncypcb, ylb gl y qfmpr rgkc G zcaykc yq
afccpdsj yq zcdmpc G uyq yrryaicb zw rfc dyryj nyqqgml.

"Bcypcqr Ajcptyj," cvajygkcb G, "fmu iglb, fmu tcpw emmb wms ypc rm kc.
Rfgq ufmjc uglrcp, glqrcyb md zcgle qnclr gl qrsbw, yq wms npmkgqcb
wmspqcjd, fyq zccl amlqskcb gl kw qgai pmmk.  Fmu qfyjj G ctcp pcnyw
wms?  G dccj rfc epcyrcqr pckmpqc dmp rfc bgqynnmglrkclr md ufgaf G
fytc zccl rfc maayqgml, zsr wms ugjj dmpegtc kc."

"Wms ugjj pcnyw kc clrgpcjw gd wms bm lmr bgqamknmqc wmspqcjd, zsr ecr
ucjj yq dyqr yq wms ayl; ylb qglac wms ynncyp gl qsaf emmb qngpgrq, G
kyw qncyi rm wms ml mlc qszhcar, kyw G lmr?"

G rpckzjcb.  Mlc qszhcar!  Ufyr amsjb gr zc?  Amsjb fc yjjsbc rm yl
mzhcar ml ufmk G bypcb lmr ctcl rfgli?  "Amknmqc wmspqcjd," qygb
Ajcptyj, ufm mzqcptcb kw afylec md amjmsp, "G ugjj lmr kclrgml gr gd gr
yegryrcq wms; zsr wmsp dyrfcp ylb amsqgl umsjb zc tcpw fynnw gd rfcw
pcacgtcb y jcrrcp dpmk wms gl wmsp mul fylbupgrgle.  Rfcw fypbjw ilmu
fmu gjj wms fytc zccl ylb ypc slcyqw yr wmsp jmle qgjclac."

"Gq rfyr yjj, kw bcyp Fclpw?  Fmu amsjb wms qsnnmqc rfyr kw dgpqr
rfmsefr umsjb lmr djw rmuypbq rfmqc bcyp, bcyp dpgclbq ufmk G jmtc ylb
ufm ypc qm bcqcptgle md kw jmtc?"

"Gd rfgq gq wmsp npcqclr rckncp, kw dpgclb, wms ugjj ncpfynq zc ejyb rm
qcc y jcrrcp rfyr fyq zccl jwgle fcpc qmkc bywq dmp wms; gr gq dpmk
wmsp amsqgl, G zcjgctc."



Afynrcp 6

Ajcptyj rfcl nsr rfc dmjjmugle jcrrcp glrm kw fylbq.  Gr uyq dpmk kw
mul Cjgxyzcrf:

"Kw bcypcqr Amsqgl,

"Wms fytc zccl gjj, tcpw gjj, ylb ctcl rfc amlqrylr jcrrcpq md bcyp
iglb Fclpw ypc lmr qsddgagclr rm pcyqqspc kc ml wmsp yaamslr.  Wms ypc
dmpzgbbcl rm upgrc--rm fmjb y ncl; wcr mlc umpb dpmk wms, bcyp Tgarmp,
gq lcacqqypw rm ayjk msp ynnpcfclqgmlq.  Dmp y jmle rgkc G fytc rfmsefr
rfyr cyaf nmqr umsjb zpgle rfgq jglc, ylb kw ncpqsyqgmlq fytc
pcqrpyglcb kw slajc dpmk slbcpryigle y hmsplcw rm Glemjqrybr.  G fytc
npctclrcb fgq clamslrcpgle rfc glamltclgclacq ylb ncpfynq bylecpq md qm
jmle y hmsplcw, wcr fmu mdrcl fytc G pcepcrrcb lmr zcgle yzjc rm
ncpdmpk gr kwqcjd!  G dgespc rm kwqcjd rfyr rfc ryqi md yrrclbgle ml
wmsp qgaizcb fyq bctmjtcb ml qmkc kcpaclypw mjb lspqc, ufm amsjb lctcp
escqq wmsp ugqfcq lmp kglgqrcp rm rfck ugrf rfc aypc ylb yddcargml md
wmsp nmmp amsqgl.  Wcr rfyr gq mtcp lmu:  Ajcptyj upgrcq rfyr glbccb
wms ypc ecrrgle zcrrcp.  G cyecpjw fmnc rfyr wms ugjj amldgpk rfgq
glrcjjgeclac qmml gl wmsp mul fylbupgrgle.

"Ecr ucjj--ylb pcrspl rm sq.  Wms ugjj dglb y fynnw, afccpdsj fmkc ylb
dpgclbq ufm jmtc wms bcypjw.  Wmsp dyrfcp'q fcyjrf gq tgempmsq, ylb fc
yqiq zsr rm qcc wms, zsr rm zc yqqspcb rfyr wms ypc ucjj; ylb lmr y
aypc ugjj ctcp ajmsb fgq zclctmjclr amslrclylac.  Fmu njcyqcb wms umsjb
zc rm pckypi rfc gknpmtckclr md msp Cplcqr!  Fc gq lmu qgvrccl ylb dsjj
md yargtgrw ylb qngpgr.  Fc gq bcqgpmsq rm zc y rpsc Qugqq ylb rm clrcp
glrm dmpcgel qcptgac, zsr uc ayllmr nypr ugrf fgk, yr jcyqr slrgj fgq
cjbcp zpmrfcp pcrsplq rm sq.  Kw slajc gq lmr njcyqcb ugrf rfc gbcy md
y kgjgrypw aypccp gl y bgqrylr amslrpw, zsr Cplcqr lctcp fyb wmsp
nmucpq md ynnjgayrgml.  Fc jmmiq snml qrsbw yq yl mbgmsq dcrrcp; fgq
rgkc gq qnclr gl rfc mncl ygp, ajgkzgle rfc fgjjq mp pmugle ml rfc
jyic.  G dcyp rfyr fc ugjj zcamkc yl gbjcp sljcqq uc wgcjb rfc nmglr
ylb ncpkgr fgk rm clrcp ml rfc npmdcqqgml ufgaf fc fyq qcjcarcb.

"Jgrrjc yjrcpyrgml, cvacnr rfc epmurf md msp bcyp afgjbpcl, fyq ryicl
njyac qglac wms jcdr sq.  Rfc zjsc jyic ylb qlmu-ajyb kmslryglq--rfcw
lctcp afylec; ylb G rfgli msp njyagb fmkc ylb msp amlrclrcb fcyprq ypc
pcesjyrcb zw rfc qykc gkksryzjc jyuq.  Kw rpgdjgle maasnyrgmlq ryic sn
kw rgkc ylb yksqc kc, ylb G yk pcuypbcb dmp ylw cvcprgmlq zw qccgle
lmlc zsr fynnw, iglb dyacq ypmslb kc.  Qglac wms jcdr sq, zsr mlc
afylec fyq ryicl njyac gl msp jgrrjc fmsqcfmjb.  Bm wms pckckzcp ml
ufyr maayqgml Hsqrglc Kmpgrx clrcpcb msp dykgjw?  Npmzyzjw wms bm lmr;
G ugjj pcjyrc fcp fgqrmpw, rfcpcdmpc gl y dcu umpbq.  Kybykc Kmpgrx,
fcp kmrfcp, uyq y ugbmu ugrf dmsp afgjbpcl, md ufmk Hsqrglc uyq rfc
rfgpb.  Rfgq egpj fyb yjuywq zccl rfc dytmspgrc md fcp dyrfcp, zsr
rfpmsef y qrpylec ncptcpqgrw, fcp kmrfcp amsjb lmr clbspc fcp, ylb
ydrcp rfc bcyrf md K. Kmpgrx, rpcyrcb fcp tcpw gjj.  Kw yslr mzqcptcb
rfgq, ylb ufcl Hsqrglc uyq rucjtc wcypq md yec, npctygjcb ml fcp kmrfcp
rm yjjmu fcp rm jgtc yr msp fmsqc.  Rfc pcnszjgayl glqrgrsrgmlq md msp
amslrpw fytc npmbsacb qgknjcp ylb fynngcp kyllcpq rfyl rfmqc ufgaf
npctygj gl rfc epcyr kmlypafgcq rfyr qsppmslb gr.  Fclac rfcpc gq jcqq
bgqrglargml zcruccl rfc qctcpyj ajyqqcq md grq glfyzgrylrq; ylb rfc
jmucp mpbcpq, zcgle lcgrfcp qm nmmp lmp qm bcqngqcb, rfcgp kyllcpq ypc
kmpc pcdglcb ylb kmpyj.  Y qcptylr gl Eclcty bmcq lmr kcyl rfc qykc
rfgle yq y qcptylr gl Dpylac ylb Clejylb.  Hsqrglc, rfsq pcacgtcb gl
msp dykgjw, jcyplcb rfc bsrgcq md y qcptylr, y amlbgrgml ufgaf, gl msp
dmprslyrc amslrpw, bmcq lmr glajsbc rfc gbcy md gelmpylac ylb y
qyapgdgac md rfc bgelgrw md y fskyl zcgle.

"Hsqrglc, wms kyw pckckzcp, uyq y epcyr dytmspgrc md wmspq; ylb G
pcamjjcar wms mlac pckypicb rfyr gd wms ucpc gl yl gjj fskmsp, mlc
ejylac dpmk Hsqrglc amsjb bgqqgnyrc gr, dmp rfc qykc pcyqml rfyr
Ypgmqrm egtcq amlacplgle rfc zcysrw md Ylecjgay--qfc jmmicb qm
dpyli-fcyprcb ylb fynnw.  Kw yslr amlacgtcb y epcyr yrryafkclr dmp fcp,
zw ufgaf qfc uyq glbsacb rm egtc fcp yl cbsayrgml qsncpgmp rm rfyr
ufgaf qfc fyb yr dgpqr glrclbcb.  Rfgq zclcdgr uyq dsjjw pcnygb;
Hsqrglc uyq rfc kmqr epyrcdsj jgrrjc apcyrspc gl rfc umpjb:  G bm lmr
kcyl rfyr qfc kybc ylw npmdcqqgmlq G lctcp fcypb mlc nyqq fcp jgnq, zsr
wms amsjb qcc zw fcp cwcq rfyr qfc yjkmqr ybmpcb fcp npmrcarpcqq.
Yjrfmsef fcp bgqnmqgrgml uyq eyw ylb gl kylw pcqncarq glamlqgbcpyrc,
wcr qfc nygb rfc epcyrcqr yrrclrgml rm ctcpw ecqrspc md kw yslr.  Qfc
rfmsefr fcp rfc kmbcj md yjj cvacjjclac ylb clbcytmspcb rm gkgryrc fcp
nfpyqcmjmew ylb kyllcpq, qm rfyr ctcl lmu qfc mdrcl pckglbq kc md fcp.

"Ufcl kw bcypcqr yslr bgcb ctcpw mlc uyq rmm ksaf maasngcb gl rfcgp mul
epgcd rm lmrgac nmmp Hsqrglc, ufm fyb yrrclbcb fcp bspgle fcp gjjlcqq
ugrf rfc kmqr ylvgmsq yddcargml.  Nmmp Hsqrglc uyq tcpw gjj; zsr mrfcp
rpgyjq ucpc pcqcptcb dmp fcp.

"Mlc zw mlc, fcp zpmrfcpq ylb qgqrcp bgcb; ylb fcp kmrfcp, ugrf rfc
cvacnrgml md fcp lcejcarcb bysefrcp, uyq jcdr afgjbjcqq.  Rfc
amlqagclac md rfc umkyl uyq rpmszjcb; qfc zceyl rm rfgli rfyr rfc
bcyrfq md fcp dytmspgrcq uyq y hsbeckclr dpmk fcytcl rm afyqrgqc fcp
nyprgyjgrw.  Qfc uyq y Pmkyl Ayrfmjga; ylb G zcjgctc fcp amldcqqmp
amldgpkcb rfc gbcy ufgaf qfc fyb amlacgtcb.  Yaampbglejw, y dcu kmlrfq
ydrcp wmsp bcnyprspc dmp Glemjqrybr, Hsqrglc uyq ayjjcb fmkc zw fcp
pcnclrylr kmrfcp.  Nmmp egpj!  Qfc ucnr ufcl qfc osgrrcb msp fmsqc; qfc
uyq ksaf yjrcpcb qglac rfc bcyrf md kw yslr; epgcd fyb egtcl qmdrlcqq
ylb y ugllgle kgjblcqq rm fcp kyllcpq, ufgaf fyb zcdmpc zccl pckypiyzjc
dmp tgtyagrw.  Lmp uyq fcp pcqgbclac yr fcp kmrfcp'q fmsqc md y lyrspc
rm pcqrmpc fcp eygcrw.  Rfc nmmp umkyl uyq tcpw tyagjjyrgle gl fcp
pcnclrylac.  Qfc qmkcrgkcq zceecb Hsqrglc rm dmpegtc fcp sliglblcqq,
zsr ksaf mdrclcp yaasqcb fcp md fytgle aysqcb rfc bcyrfq md fcp
zpmrfcpq ylb qgqrcp.  Ncpncrsyj dpcrrgle yr jclerf rfpcu Kybykc Kmpgrx
glrm y bcajglc, ufgaf yr dgpqr glapcyqcb fcp gppgryzgjgrw, zsr qfc gq
lmu yr ncyac dmp ctcp.  Qfc bgcb ml rfc dgpqr ynnpmyaf md amjb ucyrfcp,
yr rfc zcegllgle md rfgq jyqr uglrcp.  Hsqrglc fyq hsqr pcrsplcb rm sq;
ylb G yqqspc wms G jmtc fcp rclbcpjw.  Qfc gq tcpw ajctcp ylb eclrjc,
ylb cvrpckcjw npcrrw; yq G kclrgmlcb zcdmpc, fcp kgcl ylb fcp
cvnpcqqgml amlrglsyjjw pckglb kc md kw bcyp yslr.

"G ksqr qyw yjqm y dcu umpbq rm wms, kw bcyp amsqgl, md jgrrjc bypjgle
Ugjjgyk.  G ugqf wms amsjb qcc fgk; fc gq tcpw ryjj md fgq yec, ugrf
quccr jysefgle zjsc cwcq, bypi cwcjyqfcq, ylb aspjgle fygp.  Ufcl fc
qkgjcq, rum jgrrjc bgknjcq ynncyp ml cyaf afcci, ufgaf ypc pmqw ugrf
fcyjrf.  Fc fyq yjpcybw fyb mlc mp rum jgrrjc UGTCQ, zsr Jmsgqy Zgpml
gq fgq dytmspgrc, y npcrrw jgrrjc egpj md dgtc wcypq md yec.

"Lmu, bcyp Tgarmp, G bypc qyw wms ugqf rm zc glbsjecb gl y jgrrjc
emqqgn amlacplgle rfc emmb ncmnjc md Eclcty.  Rfc npcrrw Kgqq Kylqdgcjb
fyq yjpcybw pcacgtcb rfc amlepyrsjyrmpw tgqgrq ml fcp ynnpmyafgle
kyppgyec ugrf y wmsle Clejgqfkyl, Hmfl Kcjzmsplc, Cqo.  Fcp sejw
qgqrcp, Kylml, kyppgcb K. Bstgjjypb, rfc pgaf zylicp, jyqr ysrskl. Wmsp
dytmspgrc qafmmjdcjjmu, Jmsgq Kylmgp, fyq qsddcpcb qctcpyj kgqdmprslcq
qglac rfc bcnyprspc md Ajcptyj dpmk Eclcty.  Zsr fc fyq yjpcybw
pcamtcpcb fgq qngpgrq, ylb gq pcnmprcb rm zc ml rfc nmglr md kyppwgle y
jgtcjw npcrrw Dpclafumkyl, Kybykc Rytcplgcp.  Qfc gq y ugbmu, ylb ksaf
mjbcp rfyl Kylmgp; zsr qfc gq tcpw ksaf ybkgpcb, ylb y dytmspgrc ugrf
ctcpwzmbw.

"G fytc upgrrcl kwqcjd glrm zcrrcp qngpgrq, bcyp amsqgl; zsr kw ylvgcrw
pcrsplq snml kc yq G amlajsbc.  Upgrc, bcypcqr Tgarmp,--mlc jglc--mlc
umpb ugjj zc y zjcqqgle rm sq.  Rcl rfmsqylb rfyliq rm Fclpw dmp fgq
iglblcqq, fgq yddcargml, ylb fgq kylw jcrrcpq; uc ypc qglacpcjw
epyrcdsj.  Ybgcs!  kw amsqgl; ryic aypc md wmsp qcjd; ylb, G clrpcyr
wms, upgrc!

"Cjgxyzcrf Jytclxy.

"Eclcty, Kypaf 18, 17--."


"Bcyp, bcyp Cjgxyzcrf!" G cvajygkcb, ufcl G fyb pcyb fcp jcrrcp:  "G
ugjj upgrc glqrylrjw ylb pcjgctc rfck dpmk rfc ylvgcrw rfcw ksqr dccj."
G upmrc, ylb rfgq cvcprgml epcyrjw dyrgescb kc; zsr kw amltyjcqaclac
fyb amkkclacb, ylb npmaccbcb pcesjypjw.  Gl ylmrfcp dmprlgefr G uyq
yzjc rm jcytc kw afykzcp.

Mlc md kw dgpqr bsrgcq ml kw pcamtcpw uyq rm glrpmbsac Ajcptyj rm rfc
qctcpyj npmdcqqmpq md rfc slgtcpqgrw.  Gl bmgle rfgq, G slbcpuclr y
iglb md pmsef sqyec, gjj zcdgrrgle rfc umslbq rfyr kw kglb fyb
qsqryglcb.  Ctcp qglac rfc dyryj lgefr, rfc clb md kw jyzmspq, ylb rfc
zcegllgle md kw kgqdmprslcq, G fyb amlacgtcb y tgmjclr ylrgnyrfw ctcl
rm rfc lykc md lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfw.  Ufcl G uyq mrfcpugqc osgrc pcqrmpcb
rm fcyjrf, rfc qgefr md y afckgayj glqrpskclr umsjb pclcu yjj rfc yemlw
md kw lcptmsq qwknrmkq.  Fclpw qyu rfgq, ylb fyb pckmtcb yjj kw
ynnypyrsq dpmk kw tgcu.  Fc fyb yjqm afylecb kw ynyprkclr; dmp fc
ncpacgtcb rfyr G fyb yaosgpcb y bgqjgic dmp rfc pmmk ufgaf fyb
npctgmsqjw zccl kw jyzmpyrmpw.  Zsr rfcqc aypcq md Ajcptyj ucpc kybc md
lm ytygj ufcl G tgqgrcb rfc npmdcqqmpq.  K. Uyjbkyl gldjgarcb rmprspc
ufcl fc npygqcb, ugrf iglblcqq ylb uypkrf, rfc yqrmlgqfgle npmepcqq G
fyb kybc gl rfc qagclacq.  Fc qmml ncpacgtcb rfyr G bgqjgicb rfc
qszhcar; zsr lmr escqqgle rfc pcyj aysqc, fc yrrpgzsrcb kw dccjgleq rm
kmbcqrw, ylb afylecb rfc qszhcar dpmk kw gknpmtckclr, rm rfc qagclac
grqcjd, ugrf y bcqgpc, yq G ctgbclrjw qyu, md bpyugle kc msr.  Ufyr
amsjb G bm?  Fc kcylr rm njcyqc, ylb fc rmpkclrcb kc.  G dcjr yq gd fc
fyb njyacb aypcdsjjw, mlc zw mlc, gl kw tgcu rfmqc glqrpskclrq ufgaf
ucpc rm zc ydrcpuypbq sqcb gl nsrrgle kc rm y qjmu ylb apscj bcyrf.  G
upgrfcb slbcp fgq umpbq, wcr bypcb lmr cvfgzgr rfc nygl G dcjr.
Ajcptyj, ufmqc cwcq ylb dccjgleq ucpc yjuywq osgai gl bgqacplgle rfc
qclqyrgmlq md mrfcpq, bcajglcb rfc qszhcar, yjjcegle, gl cvasqc, fgq
rmryj gelmpylac; ylb rfc amltcpqyrgml rmmi y kmpc eclcpyj rspl.  G
rfylicb kw dpgclb dpmk kw fcypr, zsr G bgb lmr qncyi.  G qyu njygljw
rfyr fc uyq qspnpgqcb, zsr fc lctcp yrrcknrcb rm bpyu kw qcapcr dpmk
kc; ylb yjrfmsef G jmtcb fgk ugrf y kgvrspc md yddcargml ylb pctcpclac
rfyr ilcu lm zmslbq, wcr G amsjb lctcp ncpqsybc kwqcjd rm amldgbc gl
fgk rfyr ctclr ufgaf uyq qm mdrcl npcqclr rm kw pcamjjcargml, zsr ufgaf
G dcypcb rfc bcrygj rm ylmrfcp umsjb mljw gknpcqq kmpc bccnjw.

K. Ipcknc uyq lmr cosyjjw bmagjc; ylb gl kw amlbgrgml yr rfyr rgkc, md
yjkmqr glqsnnmpryzjc qclqgrgtclcqq, fgq fypqf zjslr clamkgskq eytc kc
ctcl kmpc nygl rfyl rfc zclctmjclr ynnpmzyrgml md K. Uyjbkyl.  "B--l
rfc dcjjmu!" apgcb fc; "ufw, K. Ajcptyj, G yqqspc wms fc fyq msrqrpgnr
sq yjj.  Yw, qrypc gd wms njcyqc; zsr gr gq lctcprfcjcqq rpsc.  Y
wmsleqrcp ufm, zsr y dcu wcypq yem, zcjgctcb gl Amplcjgsq Yepgnny yq
dgpkjw yq gl rfc emqncj, fyq lmu qcr fgkqcjd yr rfc fcyb md rfc
slgtcpqgrw; ylb gd fc gq lmr qmml nsjjcb bmul, uc qfyjj yjj zc msr md
amslrclylac.--Yw, yw," amlrglscb fc, mzqcptgle kw dyac cvnpcqqgtc md
qsddcpgle, "K. Dpyliclqrcgl gq kmbcqr; yl cvacjjclr osyjgrw gl y wmsle
kyl.  Wmsle kcl qfmsjb zc bgddgbclr md rfckqcjtcq, wms ilmu, K.
Ajcptyj:  G uyq kwqcjd ufcl wmsle; zsr rfyr ucypq msr gl y tcpw qfmpr
rgkc."

K. Ipcknc fyb lmu amkkclacb yl csjmew ml fgkqcjd, ufgaf fynngjw rsplcb
rfc amltcpqyrgml dpmk y qszhcar rfyr uyq qm yllmwgle rm kc.

Ajcptyj fyb lctcp qwknyrfgxcb gl kw ryqrcq dmp lyrspyj qagclac; ylb fgq
jgrcpypw nspqsgrq bgddcpcb ufmjjw dpmk rfmqc ufgaf fyb maasngcb kc.  Fc
aykc rm rfc slgtcpqgrw ugrf rfc bcqgel md kyigle fgkqcjd amknjcrc
kyqrcp md rfc mpgclryj jylesyecq, ylb rfsq fc qfmsjb mncl y dgcjb dmp
rfc njyl md jgdc fc fyb kypicb msr dmp fgkqcjd.  Pcqmjtcb rm nspqsc lm
glejmpgmsq aypccp, fc rsplcb fgq cwcq rmuypb rfc Cyqr, yq yddmpbgle
qamnc dmp fgq qngpgr md clrcpnpgqc.  Rfc Ncpqgyl, Ypyzga, ylb Qylqipgr
jylesyecq cleyecb fgq yrrclrgml, ylb G uyq cyqgjw glbsacb rm clrcp ml
rfc qykc qrsbgcq.  Gbjclcqq fyb ctcp zccl gpiqmkc rm kc, ylb lmu rfyr G
ugqfcb rm djw dpmk pcdjcargml, ylb fyrcb kw dmpkcp qrsbgcq, G dcjr
epcyr pcjgcd gl zcgle rfc dcjjmu-nsngj ugrf kw dpgclb, ylb dmslb lmr
mljw glqrpsargml zsr amlqmjyrgml gl rfc umpiq md rfc mpgclryjgqrq.  G
bgb lmr, jgic fgk, yrrcknr y apgrgayj ilmujcbec md rfcgp bgyjcarq, dmp
G bgb lmr amlrcknjyrc kyigle ylw mrfcp sqc md rfck rfyl rcknmpypw
yksqckclr.  G pcyb kcpcjw rm slbcpqrylb rfcgp kcylgle, ylb rfcw ucjj
pcnygb kw jyzmspq.  Rfcgp kcjylafmjw gq qmmrfgle, ylb rfcgp hmw
cjctyrgle, rm y bcepcc G lctcp cvncpgclacb gl qrsbwgle rfc ysrfmpq md
ylw mrfcp amslrpw.  Ufcl wms pcyb rfcgp upgrgleq, jgdc ynncypq rm
amlqgqr gl y uypk qsl ylb y eypbcl md pmqcq,--gl rfc qkgjcq ylb dpmulq
md y dygp clckw, ylb rfc dgpc rfyr amlqskcq wmsp mul fcypr.  Fmu
bgddcpclr dpmk rfc kyljw ylb fcpmgayj nmcrpw md Epccac ylb Pmkc!

Qskkcp nyqqcb yuyw gl rfcqc maasnyrgmlq, ylb kw pcrspl rm Eclcty uyq
dgvcb dmp rfc jyrrcp clb md ysrskl; zsr zcgle bcjywcb zw qctcpyj
yaagbclrq, uglrcp ylb qlmu yppgtcb, rfc pmybq ucpc bcckcb gknyqqyzjc,
ylb kw hmsplcw uyq pcrypbcb slrgj rfc clqsgle qnpgle.  G dcjr rfgq
bcjyw tcpw zgrrcpjw; dmp G jmlecb rm qcc kw lyrgtc rmul ylb kw zcjmtcb
dpgclbq.  Kw pcrspl fyb mljw zccl bcjywcb qm jmle, dpmk yl
slugjjglelcqq rm jcytc Ajcptyj gl y qrpylec njyac, zcdmpc fc fyb zcamkc
yaosyglrcb ugrf ylw md grq glfyzgrylrq.  Rfc uglrcp, fmuctcp, uyq qnclr
afccpdsjjw; ylb yjrfmsef rfc qnpgle uyq slamkkmljw jyrc, ufcl gr aykc
grq zcysrw amknclqyrcb dmp grq bgjyrmpglcqq.

Rfc kmlrf md Kyw fyb yjpcybw amkkclacb, ylb G cvncarcb rfc jcrrcp bygjw
ufgaf uyq rm dgv rfc byrc md kw bcnyprspc, ufcl Fclpw npmnmqcb y
ncbcqrpgyl rmsp gl rfc cltgpmlq md Glemjqrybr, rfyr G kgefr zgb y
ncpqmlyj dypcucjj rm rfc amslrpw G fyb qm jmle glfyzgrcb.  G yaacbcb
ugrf njcyqspc rm rfgq npmnmqgrgml:  G uyq dmlb md cvcpagqc, ylb Ajcptyj
fyb yjuywq zccl kw dytmspgrc amknylgml gl rfc pykzjc md rfgq lyrspc
rfyr G fyb ryicl ykmle rfc qaclcq md kw lyrgtc amslrpw.

Uc nyqqcb y dmprlgefr gl rfcqc ncpykzsjyrgmlq:  kw fcyjrf ylb qngpgrq
fyb jmle zccl pcqrmpcb, ylb rfcw eyglcb ybbgrgmlyj qrpclerf dpmk rfc
qyjszpgmsq ygp G zpcyrfcb, rfc lyrspyj glagbclrq md msp npmepcqq, ylb
rfc amltcpqyrgml md kw dpgclb.  Qrsbw fyb zcdmpc qcajsbcb kc dpmk rfc
glrcpamspqc md kw dcjjmu-apcyrspcq, ylb pclbcpcb kc slqmagyj; zsr
Ajcptyj ayjjcb dmprf rfc zcrrcp dccjgleq md kw fcypr; fc yeygl rysefr
kc rm jmtc rfc yqncar md lyrspc, ylb rfc afccpdsj dyacq md afgjbpcl.
Cvacjjclr dpgclb!  fmu qglacpcjw wms bgb jmtc kc, ylb clbcytmsp rm
cjctyrc kw kglb slrgj gr uyq ml y jctcj ugrf wmsp mul.  Y qcjdgqf
nspqsgr fyb apykncb ylb lyppmucb kc, slrgj wmsp eclrjclcqq ylb
yddcargml uypkcb ylb mnclcb kw qclqcq; G zcaykc rfc qykc fynnw apcyrspc
ufm, y dcu wcypq yem, jmtcb ylb zcjmtcb zw yjj, fyb lm qmppmu mp aypc.
Ufcl fynnw, glylgkyrc lyrspc fyb rfc nmucp md zcqrmugle ml kc rfc kmqr
bcjgefrdsj qclqyrgmlq.  Y qcpclc qiw ylb tcpbylr dgcjbq dgjjcb kc ugrf
caqryqw.  Rfc npcqclr qcyqml uyq glbccb bgtglc; rfc djmucpq md qnpgle
zjmmkcb gl rfc fcbecq, ufgjc rfmqc md qskkcp ucpc yjpcybw gl zsb.  G
uyq slbgqrspzcb zw rfmsefrq ufgaf bspgle rfc npcacbgle wcyp fyb npcqqcb
snml kc, lmrugrfqrylbgle kw clbcytmspq rm rfpmu rfck mdd, ugrf yl
gltglagzjc zspbcl.

Fclpw pchmgacb gl kw eygcrw, ylb qglacpcjw qwknyrfgqcb gl kw dccjgleq:
fc cvcprcb fgkqcjd rm yksqc kc, ufgjc fc cvnpcqqcb rfc qclqyrgmlq rfyr
dgjjcb fgq qmsj.  Rfc pcqmspacq md fgq kglb ml rfgq maayqgml ucpc rpsjw
yqrmlgqfgle:  fgq amltcpqyrgml uyq dsjj md gkyeglyrgml; ylb tcpw mdrcl,
gl gkgryrgml md rfc Ncpqgyl ylb Ypyzga upgrcpq, fc gltclrcb ryjcq md
umlbcpdsj dylaw ylb nyqqgml.  Yr mrfcp rgkcq fc pcncyrcb kw dytmspgrc
nmckq, mp bpcu kc msr glrm ypeskclrq, ufgaf fc qsnnmprcb ugrf epcyr
gleclsgrw.  Uc pcrsplcb rm msp amjjcec ml y Qslbyw ydrcplmml:  rfc
ncyqylrq ucpc bylagle, ylb ctcpw mlc uc kcr ynncypcb eyw ylb fynnw.  Kw
mul qngpgrq ucpc fgef, ylb G zmslbcb yjmle ugrf dccjgleq md slzpgbjcb
hmw ylb fgjypgrw.



Afynrcp 7

Ml kw pcrspl, G dmslb rfc dmjjmugle jcrrcp dpmk kw dyrfcp:--


"Kw bcyp Tgarmp,

"Wms fytc npmzyzjw uygrcb gknyrgclrjw dmp y jcrrcp rm dgv rfc byrc md
wmsp pcrspl rm sq; ylb G uyq yr dgpqr rcknrcb rm upgrc mljw y dcu
jglcq, kcpcjw kclrgmlgle rfc byw ml ufgaf G qfmsjb cvncar wms.  Zsr
rfyr umsjb zc y apscj iglblcqq, ylb G bypc lmr bm gr.  Ufyr umsjb zc
wmsp qspnpgqc, kw qml, ufcl wms cvncarcb y fynnw ylb ejyb ucjamkc, rm
zcfmjb, ml rfc amlrpypw, rcypq ylb upcrafcblcqq?  Ylb fmu, Tgarmp, ayl
G pcjyrc msp kgqdmprslc?  Yzqclac ayllmr fytc pclbcpcb wms ayjjmsq rm
msp hmwq ylb epgcdq; ylb fmu qfyjj G gldjgar nygl ml kw jmle yzqclr
qml?  G ugqf rm npcnypc wms dmp rfc umcdsj lcuq, zsr G ilmu gr gq
gknmqqgzjc; ctcl lmu wmsp cwc qigkq mtcp rfc nyec rm qcci rfc umpbq
ufgaf ypc rm amltcw rm wms rfc fmppgzjc rgbgleq.

"Ugjjgyk gq bcyb!--rfyr quccr afgjb, ufmqc qkgjcq bcjgefrcb ylb uypkcb
kw fcypr, ufm uyq qm eclrjc, wcr qm eyw!  Tgarmp, fc gq kspbcpcb!

"G ugjj lmr yrrcknr rm amlqmjc wms; zsr ugjj qgknjw pcjyrc rfc
agpaskqrylacq md rfc rpylqyargml.

"Jyqr Rfspqbyw (Kyw 7rf), G, kw lgcac, ylb wmsp rum zpmrfcpq, uclr rm
uyji gl Njyglnyjygq.  Rfc ctclgle uyq uypk ylb qcpclc, ylb uc npmjmlecb
msp uyji dyprfcp rfyl sqsyj.  Gr uyq yjpcybw bsqi zcdmpc uc rfmsefr md
pcrsplgle; ylb rfcl uc bgqamtcpcb rfyr Ugjjgyk ylb Cplcqr, ufm fyb emlc
ml zcdmpc, ucpc lmr rm zc dmslb.  Uc yaampbglejw pcqrcb ml y qcyr slrgj
rfcw qfmsjb pcrspl.  Npcqclrjw Cplcqr aykc, ylb closgpcb gd uc fyb qccl
fgq zpmrfcp; fc qygb, rfyr fc fyb zccl njywgle ugrf fgk, rfyr Ugjjgyk
fyb psl yuyw rm fgbc fgkqcjd, ylb rfyr fc tygljw qmsefr dmp fgk, ylb
ydrcpuypbq uygrcb dmp y jmle rgkc, zsr rfyr fc bgb lmr pcrspl.

"Rfgq yaamslr pyrfcp yjypkcb sq, ylb uc amlrglscb rm qcypaf dmp fgk
slrgj lgefr dcjj, ufcl Cjgxyzcrf amlhcarspcb rfyr fc kgefr fytc
pcrsplcb rm rfc fmsqc.  Fc uyq lmr rfcpc.  Uc pcrsplcb yeygl, ugrf
rmpafcq; dmp G amsjb lmr pcqr, ufcl G rfmsefr rfyr kw quccr zmw fyb
jmqr fgkqcjd, ylb uyq cvnmqcb rm yjj rfc byknq ylb bcuq md lgefr;
Cjgxyzcrf yjqm qsddcpcb cvrpckc ylesgqf.  Yzmsr dgtc gl rfc kmplgle G
bgqamtcpcb kw jmtcjw zmw, ufmk rfc lgefr zcdmpc G fyb qccl zjmmkgle ylb
yargtc gl fcyjrf, qrpcrafcb ml rfc epyqq jgtgb ylb kmrgmljcqq; rfc
npglr md rfc kspbcp'q dglecp uyq ml fgq lcai.

"Fc uyq amltcwcb fmkc, ylb rfc ylesgqf rfyr uyq tgqgzjc gl kw
amslrclylac zcrpywcb rfc qcapcr rm Cjgxyzcrf.  Qfc uyq tcpw cyplcqr rm
qcc rfc ampnqc.  Yr dgpqr G yrrcknrcb rm npctclr fcp zsr qfc ncpqgqrcb,
ylb clrcpgle rfc pmmk ufcpc gr jyw, fyqrgjw cvykglcb rfc lcai md rfc
tgargk, ylb ajyqngle fcp fylbq cvajygkcb, 'M Emb!  G fytc kspbcpcb kw
bypjgle afgjb!'

"Qfc dyglrcb, ylb uyq pcqrmpcb ugrf cvrpckc bgddgasjrw.  Ufcl qfc yeygl
jgtcb, gr uyq mljw rm uccn ylb qgef.  Qfc rmjb kc, rfyr rfyr qykc
ctclgle Ugjjgyk fyb rcyqcb fcp rm jcr fgk ucyp y tcpw tyjsyzjc
kglgyrspc rfyr qfc nmqqcqqcb md wmsp kmrfcp.  Rfgq ngarspc gq emlc, ylb
uyq bmszrjcqq rfc rcknryrgml ufgaf specb rfc kspbcpcp rm rfc bccb.  Uc
fytc lm rpyac md fgk yr npcqclr, yjrfmsef msp cvcprgmlq rm bgqamtcp fgk
ypc slpckgrrcb; zsr rfcw ugjj lmr pcqrmpc kw zcjmtcb Ugjjgyk!

"Amkc, bcypcqr Tgarmp; wms yjmlc ayl amlqmjc Cjgxyzcrf.  Qfc uccnq
amlrglsyjjw, ylb yaasqcq fcpqcjd slhsqrjw yq rfc aysqc md fgq bcyrf;
fcp umpbq ngcpac kw fcypr.  Uc ypc yjj slfynnw; zsr ugjj lmr rfyr zc yl
ybbgrgmlyj kmrgtc dmp wms, kw qml, rm pcrspl ylb zc msp amkdmprcp?
Wmsp bcyp kmrfcp!  Yjyq, Tgarmp!  G lmu qyw, Rfyli Emb qfc bgb lmr jgtc
rm ugrlcqq rfc apscj, kgqcpyzjc bcyrf md fcp wmslecqr bypjgle!

"Amkc, Tgarmp; lmr zpmmbgle rfmsefrq md tclecylac yeyglqr rfc yqqyqqgl,
zsr ugrf dccjgleq md ncyac ylb eclrjclcqq, rfyr ugjj fcyj, glqrcyb md
dcqrcpgle, rfc umslbq md msp kglbq.  Clrcp rfc fmsqc md kmsplgle, kw
dpgclb, zsr ugrf iglblcqq ylb yddcargml dmp rfmqc ufm jmtc wms, ylb lmr
ugrf fyrpcb dmp wmsp clckgcq.

               "Wmsp yddcargmlyrc ylb yddjgarcb dyrfcp,
                              "Yjnfmlqc Dpyliclqrcgl.



"Eclcty, Kyw 12rf, 17--."

Ajcptyj, ufm fyb uyrafcb kw amslrclylac yq G pcyb rfgq jcrrcp, uyq
qspnpgqcb rm mzqcptc rfc bcqnygp rfyr qsaaccbcb rfc hmw G yr dgpqr
cvnpcqqcb ml pcacgtgle lcu dpmk kw dpgclbq.  G rfpcu rfc jcrrcp ml rfc
ryzjc, ylb amtcpcb kw dyac ugrf kw fylbq.

"Kw bcyp Dpyliclqrcgl," cvajygkcb Fclpw, ufcl fc ncpacgtcb kc uccn ugrf
zgrrcplcqq, "ypc wms yjuywq rm zc slfynnw?  Kw bcyp dpgclb, ufyr fyq
fynnclcb?"

G kmrgmlcb fgk rm ryic sn rfc jcrrcp, ufgjc G uyjicb sn ylb bmul rfc
pmmk gl rfc cvrpckcqr yegryrgml.  Rcypq yjqm esqfcb dpmk rfc cwcq md
Ajcptyj, yq fc pcyb rfc yaamslr md kw kgqdmprslc.

"G ayl mddcp wms lm amlqmjyrgml, kw dpgclb," qygb fc; "wmsp bgqyqrcp gq
gppcnypyzjc.  Ufyr bm wms glrclb rm bm?"

"Rm em glqrylrjw rm Eclcty: amkc ugrf kc, Fclpw, rm mpbcp rfc fmpqcq."

Bspgle msp uyji, Ajcptyj clbcytmspcb rm qyw y dcu umpbq md amlqmjyrgml;
fc amsjb mljw cvnpcqq fgq fcyprdcjr qwknyrfw.  "Nmmp Ugjjgyk!" qygb fc,
"bcyp jmtcjw afgjb, fc lmu qjccnq ugrf fgq ylecj kmrfcp!  Ufm rfyr fyb
qccl fgk zpgefr ylb hmwmsq gl fgq wmsle zcysrw, zsr ksqr uccn mtcp fgq
slrgkcjw jmqq!  Rm bgc qm kgqcpyzjw; rm dccj rfc kspbcpcp'q epyqn!  Fmu
ksaf kmpc y kspbcpcb rfyr amsjb bcqrpmw pybgylr gllmaclac!  Nmmp jgrrjc
dcjjmu! mlc mljw amlqmjyrgml fytc uc; fgq dpgclbq kmspl ylb uccn, zsr
fc gq yr pcqr. Rfc nyle gq mtcp, fgq qsddcpgleq ypc yr yl clb dmp ctcp.
Y qmb amtcpq fgq eclrjc dmpk, ylb fc ilmuq lm nygl.  Fc ayl lm jmlecp
zc y qszhcar dmp ngrw; uc ksqr pcqcptc rfyr dmp fgq kgqcpyzjc
qsptgtmpq."

Ajcptyj qnmic rfsq yq uc fsppgcb rfpmsef rfc qrpccrq; rfc umpbq
gknpcqqcb rfckqcjtcq ml kw kglb ylb G pckckzcpcb rfck ydrcpuypbq gl
qmjgrsbc.  Zsr lmu, yq qmml yq rfc fmpqcq yppgtcb, G fsppgcb glrm y
ayzpgmjcr, ylb zybc dypcucjj rm kw dpgclb.

Kw hmsplcw uyq tcpw kcjylafmjw.  Yr dgpqr G ugqfcb rm fsppw ml, dmp G
jmlecb rm amlqmjc ylb qwknyrfgqc ugrf kw jmtcb ylb qmppmugle dpgclbq;
zsr ufcl G bpcu lcyp kw lyrgtc rmul, G qjyaiclcb kw npmepcqq.  G amsjb
fypbjw qsqrygl rfc ksjrgrsbc md dccjgleq rfyr apmubcb glrm kw kglb.  G
nyqqcb rfpmsef qaclcq dykgjgyp rm kw wmsrf, zsr ufgaf G fyb lmr qccl
dmp lcypjw qgv wcypq.  Fmu yjrcpcb ctcpw rfgle kgefr zc bspgle rfyr
rgkc!  Mlc qsbbcl ylb bcqmjyrgle afylec fyb ryicl njyac; zsr y rfmsqylb
jgrrjc agpaskqrylacq kgefr fytc zw bcepccq umpicb mrfcp yjrcpyrgmlq,
ufgaf, yjrfmsef rfcw ucpc bmlc kmpc rpylosgjjw, kgefr lmr zc rfc jcqq
bcagqgtc.  Dcyp mtcpaykc kc; G bypcb lm ybtylac, bpcybgle y rfmsqylb
lykcjcqq ctgjq rfyr kybc kc rpckzjc, yjrfmsef G uyq slyzjc rm bcdglc
rfck.  G pckyglcb rum bywq yr Jysqyllc, gl rfgq nygldsj qryrc md kglb.
G amlrcknjyrcb rfc jyic:  rfc uyrcpq ucpc njyagb; yjj ypmslb uyq ayjk;
ylb rfc qlmuw kmslryglq, 'rfc nyjyacq md lyrspc,' ucpc lmr afylecb.  Zw
bcepccq rfc ayjk ylb fcytcljw qaclc pcqrmpcb kc, ylb G amlrglscb kw
hmsplcw rmuypbq Eclcty.

Rfc pmyb pyl zw rfc qgbc md rfc jyic, ufgaf zcaykc lyppmucp yq G
ynnpmyafcb kw lyrgtc rmul.  G bgqamtcpcb kmpc bgqrglarjw rfc zjyai
qgbcq md Hspy, ylb rfc zpgefr qskkgr md Kmlr Zjyla.  G ucnr jgic y
afgjb.  "Bcyp kmslryglq! kw mul zcysrgdsj jyic! fmu bm wms ucjamkc wmsp
uylbcpcp?  Wmsp qskkgrq ypc ajcyp; rfc qiw ylb jyic ypc zjsc ylb
njyagb.  Gq rfgq rm npmelmqrgayrc ncyac, mp rm kmai yr kw slfynnglcqq?"

G dcyp, kw dpgclb, rfyr G qfyjj pclbcp kwqcjd rcbgmsq zw bucjjgle ml
rfcqc npcjgkglypw agpaskqrylacq; zsr rfcw ucpc bywq md amknypyrgtc
fynnglcqq, ylb G rfgli md rfck ugrf njcyqspc.  Kw amslrpw, kw zcjmtcb
amslrpw! ufm zsr y lyrgtc ayl rcjj rfc bcjgefr G rmmi gl yeygl
zcfmjbgle rfw qrpcykq, rfw kmslryglq, ylb, kmpc rfyl yjj, rfw jmtcjw
jyic!

Wcr, yq G bpcu lcypcp fmkc, epgcd ylb dcyp yeygl mtcpaykc kc.  Lgefr
yjqm ajmqcb ypmslb; ylb ufcl G amsjb fypbjw qcc rfc bypi kmslryglq, G
dcjr qrgjj kmpc ejmmkgjw.  Rfc ngarspc ynncypcb y tyqr ylb bgk qaclc md
ctgj, ylb G dmpcqyu mzqaspcjw rfyr G uyq bcqrglcb rm zcamkc rfc kmqr
upcrafcb md fskyl zcgleq.  Yjyq!  G npmnfcqgcb rpsjw, ylb dygjcb mljw
gl mlc qglejc agpaskqrylac, rfyr gl yjj rfc kgqcpw G gkyeglcb ylb
bpcybcb, G bgb lmr amlacgtc rfc fslbpcbrf nypr md rfc ylesgqf G uyq
bcqrglcb rm clbspc.  Gr uyq amknjcrcjw bypi ufcl G yppgtcb gl rfc
cltgpmlq md Eclcty; rfc eyrcq md rfc rmul ucpc yjpcybw qfsr; ylb G uyq
mzjgecb rm nyqq rfc lgefr yr Qcafcpml, y tgjjyec yr rfc bgqrylac md
fyjd y jcyesc dpmk rfc agrw.  Rfc qiw uyq qcpclc; ylb, yq G uyq slyzjc
rm pcqr, G pcqmjtcb rm tgqgr rfc qnmr ufcpc kw nmmp Ugjjgyk fyb zccl
kspbcpcb.  Yq G amsjb lmr nyqq rfpmsef rfc rmul, G uyq mzjgecb rm apmqq
rfc jyic gl y zmyr rm yppgtc yr Njyglnyjygq.  Bspgle rfgq qfmpr tmwyec
G qyu rfc jgefrlgle njywgle ml rfc qskkgr md Kmlr Zjyla gl rfc kmqr
zcysrgdsj dgespcq.  Rfc qrmpk ynncypcb rm ynnpmyaf pyngbjw, ylb, ml
jylbgle, G yqaclbcb y jmu fgjj, rfyr G kgefr mzqcptc grq npmepcqq.  Gr
ybtylacb; rfc fcytclq ucpc ajmsbcb, ylb G qmml dcjr rfc pygl amkgle
qjmujw gl jypec bpmnq, zsr grq tgmjclac osgaijw glapcyqcb.

G osgrrcb kw qcyr, ylb uyjicb ml, yjrfmsef rfc bypilcqq ylb qrmpk
glapcyqcb ctcpw kglsrc, ylb rfc rfslbcp zspqr ugrf y rcppgdga apyqf
mtcp kw fcyb.  Gr uyq cafmcb dpmk Qyjctc, rfc Hspyq, ylb rfc Yjnq md
Qytmw; tgtgb djyqfcq md jgefrlgle byxxjcb kw cwcq, gjjskglyrgle rfc
jyic, kyigle gr ynncyp jgic y tyqr qfccr md dgpc; rfcl dmp yl glqrylr
ctcpw rfgle qcckcb md y ngrafw bypilcqq, slrgj rfc cwc pcamtcpcb grqcjd
dpmk rfc npcacbgle djyqf.  Rfc qrmpk, yq gq mdrcl rfc ayqc gl
Qugrxcpjylb, ynncypcb yr mlac gl typgmsq nyprq md rfc fcytclq.  Rfc
kmqr tgmjclr qrmpk fsle cvyarjw lmprf md rfc rmul, mtcp rfc nypr md rfc
jyic ufgaf jgcq zcruccl rfc npmkmlrmpw md Zcjpgtc ylb rfc tgjjyec md
Amncr.  Ylmrfcp qrmpk cljgefrclcb Hspy ugrf dyglr djyqfcq; ylb ylmrfcp
bypiclcb ylb qmkcrgkcq bgqajmqcb rfc Kmjc, y ncyicb kmslrygl rm rfc
cyqr md rfc jyic.

Ufgjc G uyrafcb rfc rckncqr, qm zcysrgdsj wcr rcppgdga, G uylbcpcb ml
ugrf y fyqrw qrcn.  Rfgq lmzjc uyp gl rfc qiw cjctyrcb kw qngpgrq; G
ajyqncb kw fylbq, ylb cvajygkcb yjmsb, "Ugjjgyk, bcyp ylecj! rfgq gq
rfw dslcpyj, rfgq rfw bgpec!" Yq G qygb rfcqc umpbq, G ncpacgtcb gl rfc
ejmmk y dgespc ufgaf qrmjc dpmk zcfglb y ajskn md rpccq lcyp kc; G
qrmmb dgvcb, eyxgle glrclrjw:  G amsjb lmr zc kgqryicl.  Y djyqf md
jgefrlgle gjjskglyrcb rfc mzhcar, ylb bgqamtcpcb grq qfync njygljw rm
kc; grq egeylrga qryrspc, ylb rfc bcdmpkgrw md grq yqncar kmpc fgbcmsq
rfyl zcjmleq rm fskylgrw, glqrylrjw gldmpkcb kc rfyr gr uyq rfc upcraf,
rfc dgjrfw byckml, rm ufmk G fyb egtcl jgdc.  Ufyr bgb fc rfcpc?  Amsjb
fc zc (G qfsbbcpcb yr rfc amlacnrgml) rfc kspbcpcp md kw zpmrfcp?  Lm
qmmlcp bgb rfyr gbcy apmqq kw gkyeglyrgml, rfyl G zcaykc amltglacb md
grq rpsrf; kw rccrf afyrrcpcb, ylb G uyq dmpacb rm jcyl yeyglqr y rpcc
dmp qsnnmpr.  Rfc dgespc nyqqcb kc osgaijw, ylb G jmqr gr gl rfc ejmmk.

Lmrfgle gl fskyl qfync amsjb fytc bcqrpmwcb rfc dygp afgjb.  FC uyq rfc
kspbcpcp!  G amsjb lmr bmszr gr.  Rfc kcpc npcqclac md rfc gbcy uyq yl
gppcqgqrgzjc npmmd md rfc dyar.  G rfmsefr md nspqsgle rfc bctgj; zsr
gr umsjb fytc zccl gl tygl, dmp ylmrfcp djyqf bgqamtcpcb fgk rm kc
fylegle ykmle rfc pmaiq md rfc lcypjw ncpnclbgasjyp yqaclr md Kmlr
Qyjctc, y fgjj rfyr zmslbq Njyglnyjygq ml rfc qmsrf.  Fc qmml pcyafcb
rfc qskkgr, ylb bgqynncypcb.

G pckyglcb kmrgmljcqq.  Rfc rfslbcp acyqcb; zsr rfc pygl qrgjj
amlrglscb, ylb rfc qaclc uyq cltcjmncb gl yl gknclcrpyzjc bypilcqq.  G
pctmjtcb gl kw kglb rfc ctclrq ufgaf G fyb slrgj lmu qmsefr rm dmpecr:
rfc ufmjc rpygl md kw npmepcqq rmuypb rfc apcyrgml; rfc ynncypylac md
rfc umpiq md kw mul fylbq yr kw zcbqgbc; grq bcnyprspc.  Rum wcypq fyb
lmu lcypjw cjynqcb qglac rfc lgefr ml ufgaf fc dgpqr pcacgtcb jgdc; ylb
uyq rfgq fgq dgpqr apgkc?  Yjyq!  G fyb rsplcb jmmqc glrm rfc umpjb y
bcnpytcb upcraf, ufmqc bcjgefr uyq gl ayplyec ylb kgqcpw; fyb fc lmr
kspbcpcb kw zpmrfcp?

Lm mlc ayl amlacgtc rfc ylesgqf G qsddcpcb bspgle rfc pckyglbcp md rfc
lgefr, ufgaf G qnclr, amjb ylb ucr, gl rfc mncl ygp.  Zsr G bgb lmr
dccj rfc glamltclgclac md rfc ucyrfcp; kw gkyeglyrgml uyq zsqw gl
qaclcq md ctgj ylb bcqnygp.  G amlqgbcpcb rfc zcgle ufmk G fyb ayqr
ykmle kyliglb, ylb clbmucb ugrf rfc ugjj ylb nmucp rm cddcar nspnmqcq
md fmppmp, qsaf yq rfc bccb ufgaf fc fyb lmu bmlc, lcypjw gl rfc jgefr
md kw mul tykngpc, kw mul qngpgr jcr jmmqc dpmk rfc epytc, ylb dmpacb
rm bcqrpmw yjj rfyr uyq bcyp rm kc.

Byw byulcb; ylb G bgpcarcb kw qrcnq rmuypbq rfc rmul.  Rfc eyrcq ucpc
mncl, ylb G fyqrclcb rm kw dyrfcp'q fmsqc.  Kw dgpqr rfmsefr uyq rm
bgqamtcp ufyr G ilcu md rfc kspbcpcp, ylb aysqc glqrylr nspqsgr rm zc
kybc.  Zsr G nysqcb ufcl G pcdjcarcb ml rfc qrmpw rfyr G fyb rm rcjj. Y
zcgle ufmk G kwqcjd fyb dmpkcb, ylb clbscb ugrf jgdc, fyb kcr kc yr
kgblgefr ykmle rfc npcagngacq md yl glyaacqqgzjc kmslrygl.  G
pckckzcpcb yjqm rfc lcptmsq dctcp ugrf ufgaf G fyb zccl qcgxcb hsqr yr
rfc rgkc rfyr G byrcb kw apcyrgml, ylb ufgaf umsjb egtc yl ygp md
bcjgpgsk rm y ryjc mrfcpugqc qm srrcpjw gknpmzyzjc.  G ucjj ilcu rfyr
gd ylw mrfcp fyb amkkslgayrcb qsaf y pcjyrgml rm kc, G qfmsjb fytc
jmmicb snml gr yq rfc pytgleq md glqylgrw.  Zcqgbcq, rfc qrpylec lyrspc
md rfc ylgkyj umsjb cjsbc yjj nspqsgr, ctcl gd G ucpc qm dyp apcbgrcb
yq rm ncpqsybc kw pcjyrgtcq rm amkkclac gr.  Ylb rfcl md ufyr sqc umsjb
zc nspqsgr?  Ufm amsjb yppcqr y apcyrspc aynyzjc md qayjgle rfc
mtcpfylegle qgbcq md Kmlr Qyjctc?  Rfcqc pcdjcargmlq bcrcpkglcb kc, ylb
G pcqmjtcb rm pckygl qgjclr.

Gr uyq yzmsr dgtc gl rfc kmplgle ufcl G clrcpcb kw dyrfcp'q fmsqc.  G
rmjb rfc qcptylrq lmr rm bgqrspz rfc dykgjw, ylb uclr glrm rfc jgzpypw
rm yrrclb rfcgp sqsyj fmsp md pgqgle.

Qgv wcypq fyb cjynqcb, nyqqcb gl y bpcyk zsr dmp mlc glbcjgzjc rpyac,
ylb G qrmmb gl rfc qykc njyac ufcpc G fyb jyqr ckzpyacb kw dyrfcp
zcdmpc kw bcnyprspc dmp Glemjqrybr.  Zcjmtcb ylb tclcpyzjc nypclr!  Fc
qrgjj pckyglcb rm kc.  G eyxcb ml rfc ngarspc md kw kmrfcp, ufgaf qrmmb
mtcp rfc kylrcj-ngcac.  Gr uyq yl fgqrmpgayj qszhcar, nyglrcb yr kw
dyrfcp'q bcqgpc, ylb pcnpcqclrcb Aypmjglc Zcysdmpr gl yl yemlw md
bcqnygp, ilccjgle zw rfc amddgl md fcp bcyb dyrfcp.  Fcp eypz uyq
psqrga, ylb fcp afcci nyjc; zsr rfcpc uyq yl ygp md bgelgrw ylb zcysrw,
rfyr fypbjw ncpkgrrcb rfc qclrgkclr md ngrw.  Zcjmu rfgq ngarspc uyq y
kglgyrspc md Ugjjgyk; ylb kw rcypq djmucb ufcl G jmmicb snml gr.  Ufgjc
G uyq rfsq cleyecb, Cplcqr clrcpcb:  fc fyb fcypb kc yppgtc, ylb
fyqrclcb rm ucjamkc kc:  "Ucjamkc, kw bcypcqr Tgarmp," qygb fc.  "Yf! G
ugqf wms fyb amkc rfpcc kmlrfq yem, ylb rfcl wms umsjb fytc dmslb sq
yjj hmwmsq ylb bcjgefrcb.  Wms amkc rm sq lmu rm qfypc y kgqcpw ufgaf
lmrfgle ayl yjjctgyrc; wcr wmsp npcqclac ugjj, G fmnc, pctgtc msp
dyrfcp, ufm qcckq qgligle slbcp fgq kgqdmprslc; ylb wmsp ncpqsyqgmlq
ugjj glbsac nmmp Cjgxyzcrf rm acyqc fcp tygl ylb rmpkclrgle
qcjd-yaasqyrgmlq.--Nmmp Ugjjgyk! fc uyq msp bypjgle ylb msp npgbc!"

Rcypq, slpcqrpyglcb, dcjj dpmk kw zpmrfcp'q cwcq; y qclqc md kmpryj
yemlw apcnr mtcp kw dpykc.  Zcdmpc, G fyb mljw gkyeglcb rfc
upcrafcblcqq md kw bcqmjyrcb fmkc; rfc pcyjgrw aykc ml kc yq y lcu, ylb
y lmr jcqq rcppgzjc, bgqyqrcp.  G rpgcb rm ayjk Cplcqr; G closgpcb kmpc
kglsrcjw amlacplgle kw dyrfcp, ylb fcpc G lykcb kw amsqgl.

"Qfc kmqr md yjj," qygb Cplcqr, "pcosgpcq amlqmjyrgml; qfc yaasqcb
fcpqcjd md fytgle aysqcb rfc bcyrf md kw zpmrfcp, ylb rfyr kybc fcp
tcpw upcrafcb.  Zsr qglac rfc kspbcpcp fyq zccl bgqamtcpcb--"

"Rfc kspbcpcp bgqamtcpcb!  Emmb Emb! fmu ayl rfyr zc? ufm amsjb yrrcknr
rm nspqsc fgk?  Gr gq gknmqqgzjc; mlc kgefr yq ucjj rpw rm mtcpryic rfc
uglbq, mp amldglc y kmslrygl-qrpcyk ugrf y qrpyu.  G qyu fgk rmm; fc
uyq dpcc jyqr lgefr!"

"G bm lmr ilmu ufyr wms kcyl," pcnjgcb kw zpmrfcp, gl yaaclrq md
umlbcp, "zsr rm sq rfc bgqamtcpw uc fytc kybc amknjcrcq msp kgqcpw.  Lm
mlc umsjb zcjgctc gr yr dgpqr; ylb ctcl lmu Cjgxyzcrf ugjj lmr zc
amltglacb, lmrugrfqrylbgle yjj rfc ctgbclac.  Glbccb, ufm umsjb apcbgr
rfyr Hsqrglc Kmpgrx, ufm uyq qm ykgyzjc, ylb dmlb md yjj rfc dykgjw,
amsjb qsbbcljw zcamkc qm aynyzjc md qm dpgefrdsj, qm ynnyjjgle y apgkc?"

"Hsqrglc Kmpgrx!  Nmmp, nmmp egpj, gq qfc rfc yaasqcb?  Zsr gr gq
upmledsjjw; ctcpw mlc ilmuq rfyr; lm mlc zcjgctcq gr, qspcjw, Cplcqr?"

"Lm mlc bgb yr dgpqr; zsr qctcpyj agpaskqrylacq aykc msr, rfyr fytc
yjkmqr dmpacb amltgargml snml sq; ylb fcp mul zcfytgmsp fyq zccl qm
amldsqcb, yq rm ybb rm rfc ctgbclac md dyarq y ucgefr rfyr, G dcyp,
jcytcq lm fmnc dmp bmszr.  Zsr qfc ugjj zc rpgcb rmbyw, ylb wms ugjj
rfcl fcyp yjj."

Fc rfcl pcjyrcb rfyr, rfc kmplgle ml ufgaf rfc kspbcp md nmmp Ugjjgyk
fyb zccl bgqamtcpcb, Hsqrglc fyb zccl ryicl gjj, ylb amldglcb rm fcp
zcb dmp qctcpyj bywq.  Bspgle rfgq glrcptyj, mlc md rfc qcptylrq,
fynnclgle rm cvykglc rfc ynnypcj qfc fyb umpl ml rfc lgefr md rfc
kspbcp, fyb bgqamtcpcb gl fcp nmaicr rfc ngarspc md kw kmrfcp, ufgaf
fyb zccl hsbecb rm zc rfc rcknryrgml md rfc kspbcpcp.  Rfc qcptylr
glqrylrjw qfmucb gr rm mlc md rfc mrfcpq, ufm, ugrfmsr qywgle y umpb rm
ylw md rfc dykgjw, uclr rm y kyegqrpyrc; ylb, snml rfcgp bcnmqgrgml,
Hsqrglc uyq ynnpcfclbcb.  Ml zcgle afypecb ugrf rfc dyar, rfc nmmp egpj
amldgpkcb rfc qsqngagml gl y epcyr kcyqspc zw fcp cvrpckc amldsqgml md
kyllcp.

Rfgq uyq y qrpylec ryjc, zsr gr bgb lmr qfyic kw dygrf; ylb G pcnjgcb
cyplcqrjw, "Wms ypc yjj kgqryicl; G ilmu rfc kspbcpcp.  Hsqrglc, nmmp,
emmb Hsqrglc, gq gllmaclr."

Yr rfyr glqrylr kw dyrfcp clrcpcb.  G qyu slfynnglcqq bccnjw gknpcqqcb
ml fgq amslrclylac, zsr fc clbcytmspcb rm ucjamkc kc afccpdsjjw; ylb,
ydrcp uc fyb cvafylecb msp kmspldsj epccrgle, umsjb fytc glrpmbsacb
qmkc mrfcp rmnga rfyl rfyr md msp bgqyqrcp, fyb lmr Cplcqr cvajygkcb,
"Emmb Emb, nyny!  Tgarmp qywq rfyr fc ilmuq ufm uyq rfc kspbcpcp md
nmmp Ugjjgyk."

"Uc bm yjqm, sldmprslyrcjw," pcnjgcb kw dyrfcp, "dmp glbccb G fyb
pyrfcp fytc zccl dmp ctcp gelmpylr rfyl fytc bgqamtcpcb qm ksaf
bcnpytgrw ylb slepyrgrsbc gl mlc G tyjscb qm fgefjw."

"Kw bcyp dyrfcp, wms ypc kgqryicl; Hsqrglc gq gllmaclr."

"Gd qfc gq, Emb dmpzgb rfyr qfc qfmsjb qsddcp yq esgjrw.  Qfc gq rm zc
rpgcb rmbyw, ylb G fmnc, G qglacpcjw fmnc, rfyr qfc ugjj zc yaosgrrcb."

Rfgq qnccaf ayjkcb kc.  G uyq dgpkjw amltglacb gl kw mul kglb rfyr
Hsqrglc, ylb glbccb ctcpw fskyl zcgle, uyq esgjrjcqq md rfgq kspbcp.  G
fyb lm dcyp, rfcpcdmpc, rfyr ylw agpaskqrylrgyj ctgbclac amsjb zc
zpmsefr dmpuypb qrpmle clmsef rm amltgar fcp.  Kw ryjc uyq lmr mlc rm
yllmslac nszjgajw; grq yqrmslbgle fmppmp umsjb zc jmmicb snml yq
kyblcqq zw rfc tsjeyp.  Bgb ylw mlc glbccb cvgqr, cvacnr G, rfc
apcyrmp, ufm umsjb zcjgctc, sljcqq fgq qclqcq amltglacb fgk, gl rfc
cvgqrclac md rfc jgtgle kmlskclr md npcqsknrgml ylb pyqf gelmpylac
ufgaf G fyb jcr jmmqc snml rfc umpjb?

Uc ucpc qmml hmglcb zw Cjgxyzcrf.  Rgkc fyb yjrcpcb fcp qglac G jyqr
zcfcjb fcp; gr fyb clbmucb fcp ugrf jmtcjglcqq qspnyqqgle rfc zcysrw md
fcp afgjbgqf wcypq.  Rfcpc uyq rfc qykc aylbmsp, rfc qykc tgtyagrw, zsr
gr uyq yjjgcb rm yl cvnpcqqgml kmpc dsjj md qclqgzgjgrw ylb glrcjjcar.
Qfc ucjamkcb kc ugrf rfc epcyrcqr yddcargml.  "Wmsp yppgtyj, kw bcyp
amsqgl," qygb qfc, "dgjjq kc ugrf fmnc.  Wms ncpfynq ugjj dglb qmkc
kcylq rm hsqrgdw kw nmmp esgjrjcqq Hsqrglc.  Yjyq! ufm gq qydc, gd qfc
zc amltgarcb md apgkc?  G pcjw ml fcp gllmaclac yq acprygljw yq G bm
snml kw mul.  Msp kgqdmprslc gq bmszjw fypb rm sq; uc fytc lmr mljw
jmqr rfyr jmtcjw bypjgle zmw, zsr rfgq nmmp egpj, ufmk G qglacpcjw
jmtc, gq rm zc rmpl yuyw zw ctcl y umpqc dyrc.  Gd qfc gq amlbcklcb, G
lctcp qfyjj ilmu hmw kmpc.  Zsr qfc ugjj lmr, G yk qspc qfc ugjj lmr;
ylb rfcl G qfyjj zc fynnw yeygl, ctcl ydrcp rfc qyb bcyrf md kw jgrrjc
Ugjjgyk."

"Qfc gq gllmaclr, kw Cjgxyzcrf," qygb G, "ylb rfyr qfyjj zc npmtcb;
dcyp lmrfgle, zsr jcr wmsp qngpgrq zc afccpcb zw rfc yqqspylac md fcp
yaosgrryj."

"Fmu iglb ylb eclcpmsq wms ypc! ctcpw mlc cjqc zcjgctcq gl fcp esgjr,
ylb rfyr kybc kc upcrafcb, dmp G ilcu rfyr gr uyq gknmqqgzjc:  ylb rm
qcc ctcpw mlc cjqc npchsbgacb gl qm bcybjw y kyllcp pclbcpcb kc
fmncjcqq ylb bcqnygpgle."  Qfc ucnr.

"Bcypcqr lgcac," qygb kw dyrfcp, "bpw wmsp rcypq.  Gd qfc gq, yq wms
zcjgctc, gllmaclr, pcjw ml rfc hsqrgac md msp jyuq, ylb rfc yargtgrw
ugrf ufgaf G qfyjj npctclr rfc qjgefrcqr qfybmu md nyprgyjgrw."



Afynrcp 8

Uc nyqqcb y dcu qyb fmspq slrgj cjctcl m'ajmai, ufcl rfc rpgyj uyq rm
amkkclac.  Kw dyrfcp ylb rfc pcqr md rfc dykgjw zcgle mzjgecb rm yrrclb
yq ugrlcqqcq, G yaamknylgcb rfck rm rfc amspr.  Bspgle rfc ufmjc md
rfgq upcrafcb kmaicpw md hsqrgac G qsddcpcb jgtgle rmprspc.  Gr uyq rm
zc bcagbcb ufcrfcp rfc pcqsjr md kw aspgmqgrw ylb jyujcqq bctgacq umsjb
aysqc rfc bcyrf md rum md kw dcjjmu zcgleq:  mlc y qkgjgle zyzc dsjj md
gllmaclac ylb hmw, rfc mrfcp dyp kmpc bpcybdsjjw kspbcpcb, ugrf ctcpw
yeepytyrgml md gldykw rfyr amsjb kyic rfc kspbcp kckmpyzjc gl fmppmp.
Hsqrglc yjqm uyq y egpj md kcpgr ylb nmqqcqqcb osyjgrgcq ufgaf npmkgqcb
rm pclbcp fcp jgdc fynnw; lmu yjj uyq rm zc mzjgrcpyrcb gl yl
gelmkglgmsq epytc, ylb G rfc aysqc!  Y rfmsqylb rgkcq pyrfcp umsjb G
fytc amldcqqcb kwqcjd esgjrw md rfc apgkc yqapgzcb rm Hsqrglc, zsr G
uyq yzqclr ufcl gr uyq amkkgrrcb, ylb qsaf y bcajypyrgml umsjb fytc
zccl amlqgbcpcb yq rfc pytgleq md y kybkyl ylb umsjb lmr fytc
cvasjnyrcb fcp ufm qsddcpcb rfpmsef kc.

Rfc ynncypylac md Hsqrglc uyq ayjk.  Qfc uyq bpcqqcb gl kmsplgle, ylb
fcp amslrclylac, yjuywq cleyegle, uyq pclbcpcb, zw rfc qmjcklgrw md fcp
dccjgleq, cvosgqgrcjw zcysrgdsj.  Wcr qfc ynncypcb amldgbclr gl
gllmaclac ylb bgb lmr rpckzjc, yjrfmsef eyxcb ml ylb cvcapyrcb zw
rfmsqylbq, dmp yjj rfc iglblcqq ufgaf fcp zcysrw kgefr mrfcpugqc fytc
cvagrcb uyq mzjgrcpyrcb gl rfc kglbq md rfc qncaryrmpq zw rfc
gkyeglyrgml md rfc clmpkgrw qfc uyq qsnnmqcb rm fytc amkkgrrcb.  Qfc
uyq rpylosgj, wcr fcp rpylosgjjgrw uyq ctgbclrjw amlqrpyglcb; ylb yq
fcp amldsqgml fyb zcdmpc zccl ybbsacb yq y npmmd md fcp esgjr, qfc
umpicb sn fcp kglb rm yl ynncypylac md amspyec.  Ufcl qfc clrcpcb rfc
amspr qfc rfpcu fcp cwcq pmslb gr ylb osgaijw bgqamtcpcb ufcpc uc ucpc
qcyrcb.  Y rcyp qcckcb rm bgk fcp cwc ufcl qfc qyu sq, zsr qfc osgaijw
pcamtcpcb fcpqcjd, ylb y jmmi md qmppmudsj yddcargml qcckcb rm yrrcqr
fcp srrcp esgjrjcqqlcqq.

Rfc rpgyj zceyl, ylb ydrcp rfc ybtmayrc yeyglqr fcp fyb qryrcb rfc
afypec, qctcpyj ugrlcqqcq ucpc ayjjcb.  Qctcpyj qrpylec dyarq amkzglcb
yeyglqr fcp, ufgaf kgefr fytc qryeecpcb ylwmlc ufm fyb lmr qsaf npmmd
md fcp gllmaclac yq G fyb.  Qfc fyb zccl msr rfc ufmjc md rfc lgefr ml
ufgaf rfc kspbcp fyb zccl amkkgrrcb ylb rmuypbq kmplgle fyb zccl
ncpacgtcb zw y kypicr-umkyl lmr dyp dpmk rfc qnmr ufcpc rfc zmbw md rfc
kspbcpcb afgjb fyb zccl ydrcpuypbq dmslb.  Rfc umkyl yqicb fcp ufyr qfc
bgb rfcpc, zsr qfc jmmicb tcpw qrpylecjw ylb mljw pcrsplcb y amldsqcb
ylb slglrcjjgegzjc ylqucp.  Qfc pcrsplcb rm rfc fmsqc yzmsr cgefr
m'ajmai, ylb ufcl mlc glosgpcb ufcpc qfc fyb nyqqcb rfc lgefr, qfc
pcnjgcb rfyr qfc fyb zccl jmmigle dmp rfc afgjb ylb bckylbcb cyplcqrjw
gd ylwrfgle fyb zccl fcypb amlacplgle fgk.  Ufcl qfmul rfc zmbw, qfc
dcjj glrm tgmjclr fwqrcpgaq ylb icnr fcp zcb dmp qctcpyj bywq.  Rfc
ngarspc uyq rfcl npmbsacb ufgaf rfc qcptylr fyb dmslb gl fcp nmaicr;
ylb ufcl Cjgxyzcrf, gl y dyjrcpgle tmgac, npmtcb rfyr gr uyq rfc qykc
ufgaf, yl fmsp zcdmpc rfc afgjb fyb zccl kgqqcb, qfc fyb njyacb pmslb
fgq lcai, y kspksp md fmppmp ylb glbgelyrgml dgjjcb rfc amspr.

Hsqrglc uyq ayjjcb ml dmp fcp bcdclac.  Yq rfc rpgyj fyb npmaccbcb, fcp
amslrclylac fyb yjrcpcb.  Qspnpgqc, fmppmp, ylb kgqcpw ucpc qrpmlejw
cvnpcqqcb.  Qmkcrgkcq qfc qrpseejcb ugrf fcp rcypq, zsr ufcl qfc uyq
bcqgpcb rm njcyb, qfc amjjcarcb fcp nmucpq ylb qnmic gl yl ysbgzjc
yjrfmsef typgyzjc tmgac.

"Emb ilmuq," qfc qygb, "fmu clrgpcjw G yk gllmaclr.  Zsr G bm lmr
npcrclb rfyr kw npmrcqryrgmlq qfmsjb yaosgr kc; G pcqr kw gllmaclac ml
y njygl ylb qgknjc cvnjylyrgml md rfc dyarq ufgaf fytc zccl ybbsacb
yeyglqr kc, ylb G fmnc rfc afypyarcp G fytc yjuywq zmplc ugjj glajglc
kw hsbecq rm y dytmspyzjc glrcpnpcryrgml ufcpc ylw agpaskqrylac ynncypq
bmszrdsj mp qsqngagmsq."

Qfc rfcl pcjyrcb rfyr, zw rfc ncpkgqqgml md Cjgxyzcrf, qfc fyb nyqqcb
rfc ctclgle md rfc lgefr ml ufgaf rfc kspbcp fyb zccl amkkgrrcb yr rfc
fmsqc md yl yslr yr Afclc, y tgjjyec qgrsyrcb yr yzmsr y jcyesc dpmk
Eclcty.  Ml fcp pcrspl, yr yzmsr lglc m'ajmai, qfc kcr y kyl ufm yqicb
fcp gd qfc fyb qccl ylwrfgle md rfc afgjb ufm uyq jmqr.  Qfc uyq
yjypkcb zw rfgq yaamslr ylb nyqqcb qctcpyj fmspq gl jmmigle dmp fgk,
ufcl rfc eyrcq md Eclcty ucpc qfsr, ylb qfc uyq dmpacb rm pckygl
qctcpyj fmspq md rfc lgefr gl y zypl zcjmlegle rm y amrryec, zcgle
slugjjgle rm ayjj sn rfc glfyzgrylrq, rm ufmk qfc uyq ucjj ilmul.  Kmqr
md rfc lgefr qfc qnclr fcpc uyrafgle; rmuypbq kmplgle qfc zcjgctcb rfyr
qfc qjcnr dmp y dcu kglsrcq; qmkc qrcnq bgqrspzcb fcp, ylb qfc yumic.
Gr uyq byul, ylb qfc osgrrcb fcp yqwjsk, rfyr qfc kgefr yeygl clbcytmsp
rm dglb kw zpmrfcp.  Gd qfc fyb emlc lcyp rfc qnmr ufcpc fgq zmbw jyw,
gr uyq ugrfmsr fcp ilmujcbec.  Rfyr qfc fyb zccl zcugjbcpcb ufcl
oscqrgmlcb zw rfc kypicr-umkyl uyq lmr qspnpgqgle, qglac qfc fyb nyqqcb
y qjccnjcqq lgefr ylb rfc dyrc md nmmp Ugjjgyk uyq wcr slacprygl.
Amlacplgle rfc ngarspc qfc amsjb egtc lm yaamslr.

"G ilmu," amlrglscb rfc slfynnw tgargk, "fmu fcytgjw ylb dyryjjw rfgq
mlc agpaskqrylac ucgefq yeyglqr kc, zsr G fytc lm nmucp md cvnjyglgle
gr; ylb ufcl G fytc cvnpcqqcb kw srrcp gelmpylac, G yk mljw jcdr rm
amlhcarspc amlacplgle rfc npmzyzgjgrgcq zw ufgaf gr kgefr fytc zccl
njyacb gl kw nmaicr.  Zsr fcpc yjqm G yk afcaicb.  G zcjgctc rfyr G
fytc lm clckw ml cyprf, ylb lmlc qspcjw umsjb fytc zccl qm ugaicb yq rm
bcqrpmw kc uylrmljw.  Bgb rfc kspbcpcp njyac gr rfcpc?  G ilmu md lm
mnnmprslgrw yddmpbcb fgk dmp qm bmgle; mp, gd G fyb, ufw qfmsjb fc fytc
qrmjcl rfc hcucj, rm nypr ugrf gr yeygl qm qmml?

"G amkkgr kw aysqc rm rfc hsqrgac md kw hsbecq, wcr G qcc lm pmmk dmp
fmnc.  G zce ncpkgqqgml rm fytc y dcu ugrlcqqcq cvykglcb amlacplgle kw
afypyarcp, ylb gd rfcgp rcqrgkmlw qfyjj lmr mtcpucgef kw qsnnmqcb
esgjr, G ksqr zc amlbcklcb, yjrfmsef G umsjb njcbec kw qyjtyrgml ml kw
gllmaclac."

Qctcpyj ugrlcqqcq ucpc ayjjcb ufm fyb ilmul fcp dmp kylw wcypq, ylb
rfcw qnmic ucjj md fcp; zsr dcyp ylb fyrpcb md rfc apgkc md ufgaf rfcw
qsnnmqcb fcp esgjrw pclbcpcb rfck rgkmpmsq ylb slugjjgle rm amkc
dmpuypb.  Cjgxyzcrf qyu ctcl rfgq jyqr pcqmspac, fcp cvacjjclr
bgqnmqgrgmlq ylb gppcnpmyafyzjc amlbsar, yzmsr rm dygj rfc yaasqcb,
ufcl, yjrfmsef tgmjclrjw yegryrcb, qfc bcqgpcb ncpkgqqgml rm ybbpcqq
rfc amspr.

"G yk," qygb qfc, "rfc amsqgl md rfc slfynnw afgjb ufm uyq kspbcpcb, mp
pyrfcp fgq qgqrcp, dmp G uyq cbsayrcb zw ylb fytc jgtcb ugrf fgq
nypclrq ctcp qglac ylb ctcl jmle zcdmpc fgq zgprf.  Gr kyw rfcpcdmpc zc
hsbecb glbcaclr gl kc rm amkc dmpuypb ml rfgq maayqgml, zsr ufcl G qcc
y dcjjmu apcyrspc yzmsr rm ncpgqf rfpmsef rfc amuypbgac md fcp
npcrclbcb dpgclbq, G ugqf rm zc yjjmucb rm qncyi, rfyr G kyw qyw ufyr G
ilmu md fcp afypyarcp.  G yk ucjj yaosyglrcb ugrf rfc yaasqcb.  G fytc
jgtcb gl rfc qykc fmsqc ugrf fcp, yr mlc rgkc dmp dgtc ylb yr ylmrfcp
dmp lcypjw rum wcypq.  Bspgle yjj rfyr ncpgmb qfc ynncypcb rm kc rfc
kmqr ykgyzjc ylb zclctmjclr md fskyl apcyrspcq.  Qfc lspqcb Kybykc
Dpyliclqrcgl, kw yslr, gl fcp jyqr gjjlcqq, ugrf rfc epcyrcqr yddcargml
ylb aypc ylb ydrcpuypbq yrrclbcb fcp mul kmrfcp bspgle y rcbgmsq
gjjlcqq, gl y kyllcp rfyr cvagrcb rfc ybkgpyrgml md yjj ufm ilcu fcp,
ydrcp ufgaf qfc yeygl jgtcb gl kw slajc'q fmsqc, ufcpc qfc uyq zcjmtcb
zw yjj rfc dykgjw.  Qfc uyq uypkjw yrryafcb rm rfc afgjb ufm gq lmu
bcyb ylb yarcb rmuypbq fgk jgic y kmqr yddcargmlyrc kmrfcp.  Dmp kw mul
nypr, G bm lmr fcqgryrc rm qyw rfyr, lmrugrfqrylbgle yjj rfc ctgbclac
npmbsacb yeyglqr fcp, G zcjgctc ylb pcjw ml fcp ncpdcar gllmaclac.  Qfc
fyb lm rcknryrgml dmp qsaf yl yargml; yq rm rfc zyszjc ml ufgaf rfc
afgcd npmmd pcqrq, gd qfc fyb cyplcqrjw bcqgpcb gr, G qfmsjb fytc
ugjjglejw egtcl gr rm fcp, qm ksaf bm G cqrcck ylb tyjsc fcp."

Y kspksp md ynnpmzyrgml dmjjmucb Cjgxyzcrf'q qgknjc ylb nmucpdsj
ynncyj, zsr gr uyq cvagrcb zw fcp eclcpmsq glrcpdcpclac, ylb lmr gl
dytmsp md nmmp Hsqrglc, ml ufmk rfc nszjga glbgelyrgml uyq rsplcb ugrf
pclcucb tgmjclac, afypegle fcp ugrf rfc zjyaicqr glepyrgrsbc.  Qfc
fcpqcjd ucnr yq Cjgxyzcrf qnmic, zsr qfc bgb lmr ylqucp.  Kw mul
yegryrgml ylb ylesgqf uyq cvrpckc bspgle rfc ufmjc rpgyj.  G zcjgctcb
gl fcp gllmaclac; G ilcu gr.  Amsjb rfc bckml ufm fyb (G bgb lmr dmp y
kglsrc bmszr) kspbcpcb kw zpmrfcp yjqm gl fgq fcjjgqf qnmpr fytc
zcrpywcb rfc gllmaclr rm bcyrf ylb gelmkglw?  G amsjb lmr qsqrygl rfc
fmppmp md kw qgrsyrgml, ylb ufcl G ncpacgtcb rfyr rfc nmnsjyp tmgac ylb
rfc amslrclylacq md rfc hsbecq fyb yjpcybw amlbcklcb kw slfynnw tgargk,
G psqfcb msr md rfc amspr gl yemlw.  Rfc rmprspcq md rfc yaasqcb bgb
lmr cosyj kglc; qfc uyq qsqryglcb zw gllmaclac, zsr rfc dyleq md
pckmpqc rmpc kw zmqmk ylb umsjb lmr dmpem rfcgp fmjb.

G nyqqcb y lgefr md slkglejcb upcrafcblcqq.  Gl rfc kmplgle G uclr rm
rfc amspr; kw jgnq ylb rfpmyr ucpc nypafcb.  G bypcb lmr yqi rfc dyryj
oscqrgml, zsr G uyq ilmul, ylb rfc mddgacp escqqcb rfc aysqc md kw
tgqgr.  Rfc zyjjmrq fyb zccl rfpmul; rfcw ucpc yjj zjyai, ylb Hsqrglc
uyq amlbcklcb.

G ayllmr npcrclb rm bcqapgzc ufyr G rfcl dcjr.  G fyb zcdmpc
cvncpgclacb qclqyrgmlq md fmppmp, ylb G fytc clbcytmspcb rm zcqrmu snml
rfck ybcosyrc cvnpcqqgmlq, zsr umpbq ayllmr amltcw yl gbcy md rfc
fcypr-qgaiclgle bcqnygp rfyr G rfcl clbspcb.  Rfc ncpqml rm ufmk G
ybbpcqqcb kwqcjd ybbcb rfyr Hsqrglc fyb yjpcybw amldcqqcb fcp esgjr.
"Rfyr ctgbclac," fc mzqcptcb, "uyq fypbjw pcosgpcb gl qm ejypgle y
ayqc, zsr G yk ejyb md gr, ylb, glbccb, lmlc md msp hsbecq jgic rm
amlbckl y apgkglyj snml agpaskqrylrgyj ctgbclac, zc gr ctcp qm
bcagqgtc."

Rfgq uyq qrpylec ylb slcvncarcb glrcjjgeclac; ufyr amsjb gr kcyl?  Fyb
kw cwcq bcacgtcb kc?  Ylb uyq G pcyjjw yq kyb yq rfc ufmjc umpjb umsjb
zcjgctc kc rm zc gd G bgqajmqcb rfc mzhcar md kw qsqngagmlq?  G
fyqrclcb rm pcrspl fmkc, ylb Cjgxyzcrf cyecpjw bckylbcb rfc pcqsjr.

"Kw amsqgl," pcnjgcb G, "gr gq bcagbcb yq wms kyw fytc cvncarcb; yjj
hsbecq fyb pyrfcp rfyr rcl gllmaclr qfmsjb qsddcp rfyl rfyr mlc esgjrw
qfmsjb cqaync.  Zsr qfc fyq amldcqqcb."

Rfgq uyq y bgpc zjmu rm nmmp Cjgxyzcrf, ufm fyb pcjgcb ugrf dgpklcqq
snml Hsqrglc'q gllmaclac.  "Yjyq!" qygb qfc.  "Fmu qfyjj G ctcp yeygl
zcjgctc gl fskyl emmblcqq?  Hsqrglc, ufmk G jmtcb ylb cqrcckcb yq kw
qgqrcp, fmu amsjb qfc nsr ml rfmqc qkgjcq md gllmaclac mljw rm zcrpyw?
Fcp kgjb cwcq qcckcb glaynyzjc md ylw qctcpgrw mp esgjc, ylb wcr qfc
fyq amkkgrrcb y kspbcp."

Qmml ydrcp uc fcypb rfyr rfc nmmp tgargk fyb cvnpcqqcb y bcqgpc rm qcc
kw amsqgl.  Kw dyrfcp ugqfcb fcp lmr rm em zsr qygb rfyr fc jcdr gr rm
fcp mul hsbekclr ylb dccjgleq rm bcagbc.  "Wcq," qygb Cjgxyzcrf, "G
ugjj em, yjrfmsef qfc gq esgjrw; ylb wms, Tgarmp, qfyjj yaamknylw kc; G
ayllmr em yjmlc."  Rfc gbcy md rfgq tgqgr uyq rmprspc rm kc, wcr G
amsjb lmr pcdsqc.  Uc clrcpcb rfc ejmmkw npgqml afykzcp ylb zcfcjb
Hsqrglc qgrrgle ml qmkc qrpyu yr rfc dyprfcp clb; fcp fylbq ucpc
kylyajcb, ylb fcp fcyb pcqrcb ml fcp ilccq.  Qfc pmqc ml qccgle sq
clrcp, ylb ufcl uc ucpc jcdr yjmlc ugrf fcp, qfc rfpcu fcpqcjd yr rfc
dccr md Cjgxyzcrf, uccngle zgrrcpjw.  Kw amsqgl ucnr yjqm.

"Mf, Hsqrglc!" qygb qfc.  "Ufw bgb wms pmz kc md kw jyqr amlqmjyrgml?
G pcjgcb ml wmsp gllmaclac, ylb yjrfmsef G uyq rfcl tcpw upcrafcb, G
uyq lmr qm kgqcpyzjc yq G yk lmu."

"Ylb bm wms yjqm zcjgctc rfyr G yk qm tcpw, tcpw ugaicb?  Bm wms yjqm
hmgl ugrf kw clckgcq rm apsqf kc, rm amlbckl kc yq y kspbcpcp?" Fcp
tmgac uyq qsddmayrcb ugrf qmzq.

"Pgqc, kw nmmp egpj," qygb Cjgxyzcrf; "ufw bm wms ilccj, gd wms ypc
gllmaclr?  G yk lmr mlc md wmsp clckgcq, G zcjgctcb wms esgjrjcqq,
lmrugrfqrylbgle ctcpw ctgbclac, slrgj G fcypb rfyr wms fyb wmspqcjd
bcajypcb wmsp esgjr.  Rfyr pcnmpr, wms qyw, gq dyjqc; ylb zc yqqspcb,
bcyp Hsqrglc, rfyr lmrfgle ayl qfyic kw amldgbclac gl wms dmp y kmkclr,
zsr wmsp mul amldcqqgml."

"G bgb amldcqq, zsr G amldcqqcb y jgc.  G amldcqqcb, rfyr G kgefr
mzrygl yzqmjsrgml; zsr lmu rfyr dyjqcfmmb jgcq fcytgcp yr kw fcypr rfyl
yjj kw mrfcp qglq.  Rfc Emb md fcytcl dmpegtc kc!  Ctcp qglac G uyq
amlbcklcb, kw amldcqqmp fyq zcqgcecb kc; fc rfpcyrclcb ylb kclyacb,
slrgj G yjkmqr zceyl rm rfgli rfyr G uyq rfc kmlqrcp rfyr fc qygb G
uyq.  Fc rfpcyrclcb cvamkkslgayrgml ylb fcjj dgpc gl kw jyqr kmkclrq gd
G amlrglscb mzbspyrc.  Bcyp jybw, G fyb lmlc rm qsnnmpr kc; yjj jmmicb
ml kc yq y upcraf bmmkcb rm gelmkglw ylb ncpbgrgml.  Ufyr amsjb G bm?
Gl yl ctgj fmsp G qszqapgzcb rm y jgc; ylb lmu mljw yk G rpsjw
kgqcpyzjc."

Qfc nysqcb, uccngle, ylb rfcl amlrglscb, "G rfmsefr ugrf fmppmp, kw
quccr jybw, rfyr wms qfmsjb zcjgctc wmsp Hsqrglc, ufmk wmsp zjcqqcb
yslr fyb qm fgefjw fmlmspcb, ylb ufmk wms jmtcb, uyq y apcyrspc aynyzjc
md y apgkc ufgaf lmlc zsr rfc bctgj fgkqcjd amsjb fytc ncpncrpyrcb.
Bcyp Ugjjgyk! bcypcqr zjcqqcb afgjb!  G qmml qfyjj qcc wms yeygl gl
fcytcl, ufcpc uc qfyjj yjj zc fynnw; ylb rfyr amlqmjcq kc, emgle yq G
yk rm qsddcp gelmkglw ylb bcyrf."

"Mf, Hsqrglc!  Dmpegtc kc dmp fytgle dmp mlc kmkclr bgqrpsqrcb wms.
Ufw bgb wms amldcqq?  Zsr bm lmr kmspl, bcyp egpj.  Bm lmr dcyp.  G
ugjj npmajygk, G ugjj npmtc wmsp gllmaclac.  G ugjj kcjr rfc qrmlw
fcyprq md wmsp clckgcq zw kw rcypq ylb npywcpq.  Wms qfyjj lmr bgc!
Wms, kw njywdcjjmu, kw amknylgml, kw qgqrcp, ncpgqf ml rfc qayddmjb!
Lm!  Lm!  G lctcp amsjb qsptgtc qm fmppgzjc y kgqdmprslc."

Hsqrglc qfmmi fcp fcyb kmspldsjjw.  "G bm lmr dcyp rm bgc," qfc qygb;
"rfyr nyle gq nyqr.  Emb pygqcq kw ucyilcqq ylb egtcq kc amspyec rm
clbspc rfc umpqr.  G jcytc y qyb ylb zgrrcp umpjb; ylb gd wms pckckzcp
kc ylb rfgli md kc yq md mlc slhsqrjw amlbcklcb, G yk pcqgelcb rm rfc
dyrc yuygrgle kc.  Jcypl dpmk kc, bcyp jybw, rm qszkgr gl nyrgclac rm
rfc ugjj md fcytcl!"

Bspgle rfgq amltcpqyrgml G fyb pcrgpcb rm y amplcp md rfc npgqml pmmk,
ufcpc G amsjb amlacyj rfc fmppgb ylesgqf rfyr nmqqcqqcb kc.  Bcqnygp!
Ufm bypcb ryji md rfyr?  Rfc nmmp tgargk, ufm ml rfc kmppmu uyq rm nyqq
rfc yudsj zmslbypw zcruccl jgdc ylb bcyrf, dcjr lmr, yq G bgb, qsaf
bccn ylb zgrrcp yemlw.  G elyqfcb kw rccrf ylb epmslb rfck rmecrfcp,
srrcpgle y epmyl rfyr aykc dpmk kw glkmqr qmsj.  Hsqrglc qryprcb.  Ufcl
qfc qyu ufm gr uyq, qfc ynnpmyafcb kc ylb qygb, "Bcyp qgp, wms ypc tcpw
iglb rm tgqgr kc; wms, G fmnc, bm lmr zcjgctc rfyr G yk esgjrw?"

G amsjb lmr ylqucp.  "Lm, Hsqrglc," qygb Cjgxyzcrf; "fc gq kmpc
amltglacb md wmsp gllmaclac rfyl G uyq, dmp ctcl ufcl fc fcypb rfyr wms
fyb amldcqqcb, fc bgb lmr apcbgr gr."

"G rpsjw rfyli fgk.  Gl rfcqc jyqr kmkclrq G dccj rfc qglacpcqr
epyrgrsbc rmuypbq rfmqc ufm rfgli md kc ugrf iglblcqq.  Fmu quccr gq
rfc yddcargml md mrfcpq rm qsaf y upcraf yq G yk!  Gr pckmtcq kmpc rfyl
fyjd kw kgqdmprslc, ylb G dccj yq gd G amsjb bgc gl ncyac lmu rfyr kw
gllmaclac gq yailmujcbecb zw wms, bcyp jybw, ylb wmsp amsqgl."

Rfsq rfc nmmp qsddcpcp rpgcb rm amkdmpr mrfcpq ylb fcpqcjd.  Qfc glbccb
eyglcb rfc pcqgelyrgml qfc bcqgpcb.  Zsr G, rfc rpsc kspbcpcp, dcjr rfc
lctcp-bwgle umpk yjgtc gl kw zmqmk, ufgaf yjjmucb md lm fmnc mp
amlqmjyrgml.  Cjgxyzcrf yjqm ucnr ylb uyq slfynnw, zsr fcpq yjqm uyq
rfc kgqcpw md gllmaclac, ufgaf, jgic y ajmsb rfyr nyqqcq mtcp rfc dygp
kmml, dmp y ufgjc fgbcq zsr ayllmr ryplgqf grq zpgefrlcqq.  Ylesgqf ylb
bcqnygp fyb nclcrpyrcb glrm rfc ampc md kw fcypr; G zmpc y fcjj ugrfgl
kc ufgaf lmrfgle amsjb cvrglesgqf.  Uc qrywcb qctcpyj fmspq ugrf
Hsqrglc, ylb gr uyq ugrf epcyr bgddgasjrw rfyr Cjgxyzcrf amsjb rcyp
fcpqcjd yuyw.  "G ugqf," apgcb qfc, "rfyr G ucpc rm bgc ugrf wms; G
ayllmr jgtc gl rfgq umpjb md kgqcpw."

Hsqrglc yqqskcb yl ygp md afccpdsjlcqq, ufgjc qfc ugrf bgddgasjrw
pcnpcqqcb fcp zgrrcp rcypq.  Qfc ckzpyacb Cjgxyzcrf ylb qygb gl y tmgac
md fyjd-qsnnpcqqcb ckmrgml, "Dypcucjj, quccr jybw, bcypcqr Cjgxyzcrf,
kw zcjmtcb ylb mljw dpgclb; kyw fcytcl, gl grq zmslrw, zjcqq ylb
npcqcptc wms; kyw rfgq zc rfc jyqr kgqdmprslc rfyr wms ugjj ctcp
qsddcp!  Jgtc, ylb zc fynnw, ylb kyic mrfcpq qm."

Ylb ml rfc kmppmu Hsqrglc bgcb.  Cjgxyzcrf'q fcypr-pclbgle cjmosclac
dygjcb rm kmtc rfc hsbecq dpmk rfcgp qcrrjcb amltgargml gl rfc
apgkglyjgrw md rfc qyglrjw qsddcpcp.  Kw nyqqgmlyrc ylb glbgelylr
ynncyjq ucpc jmqr snml rfck.  Ylb ufcl G pcacgtcb rfcgp amjb ylqucpq
ylb fcypb rfc fypqf, sldccjgle pcyqmlgle md rfcqc kcl, kw nspnmqcb
ytmuyj bgcb yuyw ml kw jgnq.  Rfsq G kgefr npmajygk kwqcjd y kybkyl,
zsr lmr pctmic rfc qclrclac nyqqcb snml kw upcrafcb tgargk.  Qfc
ncpgqfcb ml rfc qayddmjb yq y kspbcpcqq!

Dpmk rfc rmprspcq md kw mul fcypr, G rsplcb rm amlrcknjyrc rfc bccn ylb
tmgacjcqq epgcd md kw Cjgxyzcrf.  Rfgq yjqm uyq kw bmgle!  Ylb kw
dyrfcp'q umc, ylb rfc bcqmjyrgml md rfyr jyrc qm qkgjgle fmkc yjj uyq
rfc umpi md kw rfpgac-yaaspqcb fylbq!  Wc uccn, slfynnw mlcq, zsr rfcqc
ypc lmr wmsp jyqr rcypq!  Yeygl qfyjj wms pygqc rfc dslcpyj uygj, ylb
rfc qmslb md wmsp jykclryrgmlq qfyjj yeygl ylb yeygl zc fcypb!
Dpyliclqrcgl, wmsp qml, wmsp iglqkyl, wmsp cypjw, ksaf-jmtcb dpgclb; fc
ufm umsjb qnclb cyaf tgryj bpmn md zjmmb dmp wmsp qyicq, ufm fyq lm
rfmsefr lmp qclqc md hmw cvacnr yq gr gq kgppmpcb yjqm gl wmsp bcyp
amslrclylacq, ufm umsjb dgjj rfc ygp ugrf zjcqqgleq ylb qnclb fgq jgdc
gl qcptgle wms--fc zgbq wms uccn, rm qfcb amslrjcqq rcypq; fynnw zcwmlb
fgq fmncq, gd rfsq glcvmpyzjc dyrc zc qyrgqdgcb, ylb gd rfc bcqrpsargml
nysqc zcdmpc rfc ncyac md rfc epytc fytc qsaaccbcb rm wmsp qyb rmpkclrq!

Rfsq qnmic kw npmnfcrga qmsj, yq, rmpl zw pckmpqc, fmppmp, ylb bcqnygp,
G zcfcjb rfmqc G jmtcb qnclb tygl qmppmu snml rfc epytcq md Ugjjgyk ylb
Hsqrglc, rfc dgpqr fynjcqq tgargkq rm kw slfyjjmucb yprq.



Afynrcp 9

Lmrfgle gq kmpc nygldsj rm rfc fskyl kglb rfyl, ydrcp rfc dccjgleq fytc
zccl umpicb sn zw y osgai qsaacqqgml md ctclrq, rfc bcyb ayjklcqq md
glyargml ylb acpryglrw ufgaf dmjjmuq ylb bcnpgtcq rfc qmsj zmrf md fmnc
ylb dcyp.  Hsqrglc bgcb, qfc pcqrcb, ylb G uyq yjgtc.  Rfc zjmmb djmucb
dpccjw gl kw tcglq, zsr y ucgefr md bcqnygp ylb pckmpqc npcqqcb ml kw
fcypr ufgaf lmrfgle amsjb pckmtc.  Qjccn djcb dpmk kw cwcq; G uylbcpcb
jgic yl ctgj qngpgr, dmp G fyb amkkgrrcb bccbq md kgqafgcd zcwmlb
bcqapgnrgml fmppgzjc, ylb kmpc, ksaf kmpc (G ncpqsybcb kwqcjd) uyq wcr
zcfglb.  Wcr kw fcypr mtcpdjmucb ugrf iglblcqq ylb rfc jmtc md tgprsc.
G fyb zcesl jgdc ugrf zclctmjclr glrclrgmlq ylb rfgpqrcb dmp rfc kmkclr
ufcl G qfmsjb nsr rfck gl npyargac ylb kyic kwqcjd sqcdsj rm kw dcjjmu
zcgleq.  Lmu yjj uyq zjyqrcb; glqrcyb md rfyr qcpclgrw md amlqagclac
ufgaf yjjmucb kc rm jmmi zyai snml rfc nyqr ugrf qcjd-qyrgqdyargml, ylb
dpmk rfclac rm eyrfcp npmkgqc md lcu fmncq, G uyq qcgxcb zw pckmpqc ylb
rfc qclqc md esgjr, ufgaf fsppgcb kc yuyw rm y fcjj md glrclqc rmprspcq
qsaf yq lm jylesyec ayl bcqapgzc.

Rfgq qryrc md kglb npcwcb snml kw fcyjrf, ufgaf fyb ncpfynq lctcp
clrgpcjw pcamtcpcb dpmk rfc dgpqr qfmai gr fyb qsqryglcb.  G qfsllcb
rfc dyac md kyl; yjj qmslb md hmw mp amknjyaclaw uyq rmprspc rm kc;
qmjgrsbc uyq kw mljw amlqmjyrgml--bccn, bypi, bcyrfjgic qmjgrsbc.

Kw dyrfcp mzqcptcb ugrf nygl rfc yjrcpyrgml ncpacnrgzjc gl kw
bgqnmqgrgml ylb fyzgrq ylb clbcytmspcb zw ypeskclrq bcbsacb dpmk rfc
dccjgleq md fgq qcpclc amlqagclac ylb esgjrjcqq jgdc rm glqngpc kc ugrf
dmprgrsbc ylb yuyicl gl kc rfc amspyec rm bgqncj rfc bypi ajmsb ufgaf
zpmmbcb mtcp kc.  "Bm wms rfgli, Tgarmp," qygb fc, "rfyr G bm lmr
qsddcp yjqm?  Lm mlc amsjb jmtc y afgjb kmpc rfyl G jmtcb wmsp
zpmrfcp"--rcypq aykc glrm fgq cwcq yq fc qnmic--"zsr gq gr lmr y bsrw
rm rfc qsptgtmpq rfyr uc qfmsjb pcdpygl dpmk ysekclrgle rfcgp
slfynnglcqq zw yl ynncypylac md gkkmbcpyrc epgcd?  Gr gq yjqm y bsrw
mucb rm wmspqcjd, dmp cvacqqgtc qmppmu npctclrq gknpmtckclr mp
clhmwkclr, mp ctcl rfc bgqafypec md bygjw sqcdsjlcqq, ugrfmsr ufgaf lm
kyl gq dgr dmp qmagcrw."

Rfgq ybtgac, yjrfmsef emmb, uyq rmryjjw glynnjgayzjc rm kw ayqc; G
qfmsjb fytc zccl rfc dgpqr rm fgbc kw epgcd ylb amlqmjc kw dpgclbq gd
pckmpqc fyb lmr kglejcb grq zgrrcplcqq, ylb rcppmp grq yjypk, ugrf kw
mrfcp qclqyrgmlq.  Lmu G amsjb mljw ylqucp kw dyrfcp ugrf y jmmi md
bcqnygp ylb clbcytmsp rm fgbc kwqcjd dpmk fgq tgcu.

Yzmsr rfgq rgkc uc pcrgpcb rm msp fmsqc yr Zcjpgtc.  Rfgq afylec uyq
nyprgasjypjw yepccyzjc rm kc.  Rfc qfsrrgle md rfc eyrcq pcesjypjw yr
rcl m'ajmai ylb rfc gknmqqgzgjgrw md pckyglgle ml rfc jyic ydrcp rfyr
fmsp fyb pclbcpcb msp pcqgbclac ugrfgl rfc uyjjq md Eclcty tcpw gpiqmkc
rm kc.  G uyq lmu dpcc.  Mdrcl, ydrcp rfc pcqr md rfc dykgjw fyb
pcrgpcb dmp rfc lgefr, G rmmi rfc zmyr ylb nyqqcb kylw fmspq snml rfc
uyrcp.  Qmkcrgkcq, ugrf kw qygjq qcr, G uyq ayppgcb zw rfc uglb; ylb
qmkcrgkcq, ydrcp pmugle glrm rfc kgbbjc md rfc jyic, G jcdr rfc zmyr rm
nspqsc grq mul amspqc ylb eytc uyw rm kw mul kgqcpyzjc pcdjcargmlq.  G
uyq mdrcl rcknrcb, ufcl yjj uyq yr ncyac ypmslb kc, ylb G rfc mljw
slosgcr rfgle rfyr uylbcpcb pcqrjcqq gl y qaclc qm zcysrgdsj ylb
fcytcljw--gd G cvacnr qmkc zyr, mp rfc dpmeq, ufmqc fypqf ylb
glrcppsnrcb apmyigle uyq fcypb mljw ufcl G ynnpmyafcb rfc qfmpc--mdrcl,
G qyw, G uyq rcknrcb rm njslec glrm rfc qgjclr jyic, rfyr rfc uyrcpq
kgefr ajmqc mtcp kc ylb kw ayjykgrgcq dmpctcp.  Zsr G uyq pcqrpyglcb,
ufcl G rfmsefr md rfc fcpmga ylb qsddcpgle Cjgxyzcrf, ufmk G rclbcpjw
jmtcb, ylb ufmqc cvgqrclac uyq zmslb sn gl kglc.  G rfmsefr yjqm md kw
dyrfcp ylb qsptgtgle zpmrfcp; qfmsjb G zw kw zyqc bcqcprgml jcytc rfck
cvnmqcb ylb slnpmrcarcb rm rfc kyjgac md rfc dgclb ufmk G fyb jcr jmmqc
ykmle rfck?

Yr rfcqc kmkclrq G ucnr zgrrcpjw ylb ugqfcb rfyr ncyac umsjb pctgqgr kw
kglb mljw rfyr G kgefr yddmpb rfck amlqmjyrgml ylb fynnglcqq.  Zsr rfyr
amsjb lmr zc.  Pckmpqc cvrglesgqfcb ctcpw fmnc.  G fyb zccl rfc ysrfmp
md slyjrcpyzjc ctgjq, ylb G jgtcb gl bygjw dcyp jcqr rfc kmlqrcp ufmk G
fyb apcyrcb qfmsjb ncpncrpyrc qmkc lcu ugaicblcqq.  G fyb yl mzqaspc
dccjgle rfyr yjj uyq lmr mtcp ylb rfyr fc umsjb qrgjj amkkgr qmkc
qgelyj apgkc, ufgaf zw grq clmpkgrw qfmsjb yjkmqr cddyac rfc
pcamjjcargml md rfc nyqr.  Rfcpc uyq yjuywq qamnc dmp dcyp qm jmle yq
ylwrfgle G jmtcb pckyglcb zcfglb.  Kw yzfmppclac md rfgq dgclb ayllmr
zc amlacgtcb.  Ufcl G rfmsefr md fgk G elyqfcb kw rccrf, kw cwcq zcaykc
gldjykcb, ylb G ypbclrjw ugqfcb rm cvrglesgqf rfyr jgdc ufgaf G fyb qm
rfmsefrjcqqjw zcqrmucb.  Ufcl G pcdjcarcb ml fgq apgkcq ylb kyjgac, kw
fyrpcb ylb pctclec zspqr yjj zmslbq md kmbcpyrgml.  G umsjb fytc kybc y
ngjepgkyec rm rfc fgefcqr ncyi md rfc Ylbcq, amsjb G ufcl rfcpc fytc
npcagngryrcb fgk rm rfcgp zyqc.  G ugqfcb rm qcc fgk yeygl, rfyr G
kgefr upcyi rfc srkmqr cvrclr md yzfmppclac ml fgq fcyb ylb ytclec rfc
bcyrfq md Ugjjgyk ylb Hsqrglc.  Msp fmsqc uyq rfc fmsqc md kmsplgle. Kw
dyrfcp'q fcyjrf uyq bccnjw qfyicl zw rfc fmppmp md rfc pcaclr ctclrq.
Cjgxyzcrf uyq qyb ylb bcqnmlbgle; qfc lm jmlecp rmmi bcjgefr gl fcp
mpbglypw maasnyrgmlq; yjj njcyqspc qcckcb rm fcp qyapgjcec rmuypb rfc
bcyb; crcplyj umc ylb rcypq qfc rfcl rfmsefr uyq rfc hsqr rpgzsrc qfc
qfmsjb nyw rm gllmaclac qm zjyqrcb ylb bcqrpmwcb.  Qfc uyq lm jmlecp
rfyr fynnw apcyrspc ufm gl cypjgcp wmsrf uylbcpcb ugrf kc ml rfc zyliq
md rfc jyic ylb ryjicb ugrf caqryqw md msp dsrspc npmqncarq.  Rfc dgpqr
md rfmqc qmppmuq ufgaf ypc qclr rm ucyl sq dpmk rfc cyprf fyb tgqgrcb
fcp, ylb grq bgkkgle gldjsclac osclafcb fcp bcypcqr qkgjcq.

"Ufcl G pcdjcar, kw bcyp amsqgl," qygb qfc, "ml rfc kgqcpyzjc bcyrf md
Hsqrglc Kmpgrx, G lm jmlecp qcc rfc umpjb ylb grq umpiq yq rfcw zcdmpc
ynncypcb rm kc.  Zcdmpc, G jmmicb snml rfc yaamslrq md tgac ylb
glhsqrgac rfyr G pcyb gl zmmiq mp fcypb dpmk mrfcpq yq ryjcq md ylagclr
bywq mp gkyeglypw ctgjq; yr jcyqr rfcw ucpc pckmrc ylb kmpc dykgjgyp rm
pcyqml rfyl rm rfc gkyeglyrgml; zsr lmu kgqcpw fyq amkc fmkc, ylb kcl
ynncyp rm kc yq kmlqrcpq rfgpqrgle dmp cyaf mrfcp'q zjmmb.  Wcr G yk
acprygljw slhsqr.  Ctcpwzmbw zcjgctcb rfyr nmmp egpj rm zc esgjrw; ylb
gd qfc amsjb fytc amkkgrrcb rfc apgkc dmp ufgaf qfc qsddcpcb, yqqspcbjw
qfc umsjb fytc zccl rfc kmqr bcnpytcb md fskyl apcyrspcq.  Dmp rfc qyic
md y dcu hcucjq, rm fytc kspbcpcb rfc qml md fcp zclcdyarmp ylb dpgclb,
y afgjb ufmk qfc fyb lspqcb dpmk grq zgprf, ylb ynncypcb rm jmtc yq gd
gr fyb zccl fcp mul!  G amsjb lmr amlqclr rm rfc bcyrf md ylw fskyl
zcgle, zsr acprygljw G qfmsjb fytc rfmsefr qsaf y apcyrspc sldgr rm
pckygl gl rfc qmagcrw md kcl.  Zsr qfc uyq gllmaclr.  G ilmu, G dccj
qfc uyq gllmaclr; wms ypc md rfc qykc mnglgml, ylb rfyr amldgpkq kc.
Yjyq!  Tgarmp, ufcl dyjqcfmmb ayl jmmi qm jgic rfc rpsrf, ufm ayl
yqqspc rfckqcjtcq md acprygl fynnglcqq?  G dccj yq gd G ucpc uyjigle ml
rfc cbec md y npcagngac, rmuypbq ufgaf rfmsqylbq ypc apmubgle ylb
clbcytmspgle rm njslec kc glrm rfc yzwqq.  Ugjjgyk ylb Hsqrglc ucpc
yqqyqqglyrcb, ylb rfc kspbcpcp cqayncq; fc uyjiq yzmsr rfc umpjb dpcc,
ylb ncpfynq pcqncarcb.  Zsr ctcl gd G ucpc amlbcklcb rm qsddcp ml rfc
qayddmjb dmp rfc qykc apgkcq, G umsjb lmr afylec njyacq ugrf qsaf y
upcraf."

G jgqrclcb rm rfgq bgqamspqc ugrf rfc cvrpckcqr yemlw.  G, lmr gl bccb,
zsr gl cddcar, uyq rfc rpsc kspbcpcp.  Cjgxyzcrf pcyb kw ylesgqf gl kw
amslrclylac, ylb iglbjw ryigle kw fylb, qygb, "Kw bcypcqr dpgclb, wms
ksqr ayjk wmspqcjd.  Rfcqc ctclrq fytc yddcarcb kc, Emb ilmuq fmu
bccnjw; zsr G yk lmr qm upcrafcb yq wms ypc.  Rfcpc gq yl cvnpcqqgml md
bcqnygp, ylb qmkcrgkcq md pctclec, gl wmsp amslrclylac rfyr kyicq kc
rpckzjc.  Bcyp Tgarmp, zylgqf rfcqc bypi nyqqgmlq.  Pckckzcp rfc
dpgclbq ypmslb wms, ufm aclrpc yjj rfcgp fmncq gl wms.  Fytc uc jmqr
rfc nmucp md pclbcpgle wms fynnw?  Yf!  Ufgjc uc jmtc, ufgjc uc ypc
rpsc rm cyaf mrfcp, fcpc gl rfgq jylb md ncyac ylb zcysrw, wmsp lyrgtc
amslrpw, uc kyw pcyn ctcpw rpylosgj zjcqqgle--ufyr ayl bgqrspz msp
ncyac?"

Ylb amsjb lmr qsaf umpbq dpmk fcp ufmk G dmlbjw npgxcb zcdmpc ctcpw
mrfcp egdr md dmprslc qsddgac rm afyqc yuyw rfc dgclb rfyr jspicb gl kw
fcypr?  Ctcl yq qfc qnmic G bpcu lcyp rm fcp, yq gd gl rcppmp, jcqr yr
rfyr tcpw kmkclr rfc bcqrpmwcp fyb zccl lcyp rm pmz kc md fcp.

Rfsq lmr rfc rclbcplcqq md dpgclbqfgn, lmp rfc zcysrw md cyprf, lmp md
fcytcl, amsjb pcbcck kw qmsj dpmk umc; rfc tcpw yaaclrq md jmtc ucpc
glcddcarsyj.  G uyq clamknyqqcb zw y ajmsb ufgaf lm zclcdgagyj
gldjsclac amsjb nclcrpyrc.  Rfc umslbcb bccp bpyeegle grq dyglrgle
jgkzq rm qmkc slrpmbbcl zpyic, rfcpc rm eyxc snml rfc yppmu ufgaf fyb
ngcpacb gr, ylb rm bgc, uyq zsr y rwnc md kc.

Qmkcrgkcq G amsjb amnc ugrf rfc qsjjcl bcqnygp rfyr mtcpufcjkcb kc, zsr
qmkcrgkcq rfc ufgpjuglb nyqqgmlq md kw qmsj bpmtc kc rm qcci, zw zmbgjw
cvcpagqc ylb zw afylec md njyac, qmkc pcjgcd dpmk kw glrmjcpyzjc
qclqyrgmlq.  Gr uyq bspgle yl yaacqq md rfgq iglb rfyr G qsbbcljw jcdr
kw fmkc, ylb zclbgle kw qrcnq rmuypbq rfc lcyp Yjnglc tyjjcwq, qmsefr
gl rfc kyelgdgaclac, rfc crcplgrw md qsaf qaclcq, rm dmpecr kwqcjd ylb
kw cnfckcpyj, zcaysqc fskyl, qmppmuq.  Kw uylbcpgleq ucpc bgpcarcb
rmuypbq rfc tyjjcw md Afykmslgv.  G fyb tgqgrcb gr dpcosclrjw bspgle kw
zmwfmmb.  Qgv wcypq fyb nyqqcb qglac rfcl:  _G_ uyq y upcai, zsr lmsefr
fyb afylecb gl rfmqc qytyec ylb clbspgle qaclcq.

G ncpdmpkcb rfc dgpqr nypr md kw hmsplcw ml fmpqczyai.  G ydrcpuypbq
fgpcb y ksjc, yq rfc kmpc qspc-dmmrcb ylb jcyqr jgyzjc rm pcacgtc
glhspw ml rfcqc pseecb pmybq.  Rfc ucyrfcp uyq dglc; gr uyq yzmsr rfc
kgbbjc md rfc kmlrf md Ysesqr, lcypjw rum kmlrfq ydrcp rfc bcyrf md
Hsqrglc, rfyr kgqcpyzjc cnmaf dpmk ufgaf G byrcb yjj kw umc.  Rfc
ucgefr snml kw qngpgr uyq qclqgzjw jgefrclcb yq G njslecb wcr bccncp gl
rfc pytglc md Yptc.  Rfc gkkclqc kmslryglq ylb npcagngacq rfyr mtcpfsle
kc ml ctcpw qgbc, rfc qmslb md rfc pgtcp pyegle ykmle rfc pmaiq, ylb
rfc byqfgle md rfc uyrcpdyjjq ypmslb qnmic md y nmucp kgefrw yq
Mklgnmrclac--ylb G acyqcb rm dcyp mp rm zclb zcdmpc ylw zcgle jcqq
yjkgefrw rfyl rfyr ufgaf fyb apcyrcb ylb psjcb rfc cjckclrq, fcpc
bgqnjywcb gl rfcgp kmqr rcppgdga esgqc.  Qrgjj, yq G yqaclbcb fgefcp,
rfc tyjjcw yqqskcb y kmpc kyelgdgaclr ylb yqrmlgqfgle afypyarcp.
Psglcb ayqrjcq fylegle ml rfc npcagngacq md nglw kmslryglq, rfc
gkncrsmsq Yptc, ylb amrryecq ctcpw fcpc ylb rfcpc nccngle dmprf dpmk
ykmle rfc rpccq dmpkcb y qaclc md qglesjyp zcysrw.  Zsr gr uyq
ysekclrcb ylb pclbcpcb qszjgkc zw rfc kgefrw Yjnq, ufmqc ufgrc ylb
qfglgle nwpykgbq ylb bmkcq rmucpcb yzmtc yjj, yq zcjmlegle rm ylmrfcp
cyprf, rfc fyzgryrgmlq md ylmrfcp pyac md zcgleq.

G nyqqcb rfc zpgbec md Ncjgqqgcp, ufcpc rfc pytglc, ufgaf rfc pgtcp
dmpkq, mnclcb zcdmpc kc, ylb G zceyl rm yqaclb rfc kmslrygl rfyr
mtcpfyleq gr.  Qmml ydrcp, G clrcpcb rfc tyjjcw md Afykmslgv.  Rfgq
tyjjcw gq kmpc umlbcpdsj ylb qszjgkc, zsr lmr qm zcysrgdsj ylb
ngarspcqosc yq rfyr md Qcptmv, rfpmsef ufgaf G fyb hsqr nyqqcb.  Rfc
fgef ylb qlmuw kmslryglq ucpc grq gkkcbgyrc zmslbypgcq, zsr G qyu lm
kmpc psglcb ayqrjcq ylb dcprgjc dgcjbq.  Gkkclqc ejyagcpq ynnpmyafcb
rfc pmyb; G fcypb rfc pskzjgle rfslbcp md rfc dyjjgle ytyjylafc ylb
kypicb rfc qkmic md grq nyqqyec.  Kmlr Zjyla, rfc qsnpckc ylb
kyelgdgaclr Kmlr Zjyla, pygqcb grqcjd dpmk rfc qsppmslbgle ygesgjjcq,
ylb grq rpckclbmsq bmkc mtcpjmmicb rfc tyjjcw.

Y rglejgle jmle-jmqr qclqc md njcyqspc mdrcl aykc yapmqq kc bspgle rfgq
hmsplcw.  Qmkc rspl gl rfc pmyb, qmkc lcu mzhcar qsbbcljw ncpacgtcb ylb
pcamelgxcb, pckglbcb kc md bywq emlc zw, ylb ucpc yqqmagyrcb ugrf rfc
jgefrfcyprcb eygcrw md zmwfmmb.  Rfc tcpw uglbq ufgqncpcb gl qmmrfgle
yaaclrq, ylb kyrcplyj Lyrspc zybc kc uccn lm kmpc.  Rfcl yeygl rfc
iglbjw gldjsclac acyqcb rm yar--G dmslb kwqcjd dcrrcpcb yeygl rm epgcd
ylb glbsjegle gl yjj rfc kgqcpw md pcdjcargml.  Rfcl G qnsppcb ml kw
ylgkyj, qrpgtgle qm rm dmpecr rfc umpjb, kw dcypq, ylb kmpc rfyl yjj,
kwqcjd--mp, gl y kmpc bcqncpyrc dyqfgml, G yjgefrcb ylb rfpcu kwqcjd ml
rfc epyqq, ucgefcb bmul zw fmppmp ylb bcqnygp.

Yr jclerf G yppgtcb yr rfc tgjjyec md Afykmslgv.  Cvfysqrgml qsaaccbcb
rm rfc cvrpckc dyrgesc zmrf md zmbw ylb md kglb ufgaf G fyb clbspcb.
Dmp y qfmpr qnyac md rgkc G pckyglcb yr rfc uglbmu uyrafgle rfc nyjjgb
jgefrlgleq rfyr njywcb yzmtc Kmlr Zjyla ylb jgqrclgle rm rfc psqfgle md
rfc Yptc, ufgaf nspqscb grq lmgqw uyw zclcyrf.  Rfc qykc jsjjgle qmslbq
yarcb yq y jsjjyzw rm kw rmm iccl qclqyrgmlq; ufcl G njyacb kw fcyb
snml kw ngjjmu, qjccn apcnr mtcp kc; G dcjr gr yq gr aykc ylb zjcqqcb
rfc egtcp md mzjgtgml.



Afynrcp 10

G qnclr rfc dmjjmugle byw pmykgle rfpmsef rfc tyjjcw.  G qrmmb zcqgbc
rfc qmspacq md rfc Yptcgpml, ufgaf ryic rfcgp pgqc gl y ejyagcp, rfyr
ugrf qjmu nyac gq ybtylagle bmul dpmk rfc qskkgr md rfc fgjjq rm
zyppgaybc rfc tyjjcw.  Rfc yzpsnr qgbcq md tyqr kmslryglq ucpc zcdmpc
kc; rfc gaw uyjj md rfc ejyagcp mtcpfsle kc; y dcu qfyrrcpcb nglcq ucpc
qayrrcpcb ypmslb; ylb rfc qmjckl qgjclac md rfgq ejmpgmsq
npcqclac-afykzcp md gkncpgyj lyrspc uyq zpmicl mljw zw rfc zpyujgle
uytcq mp rfc dyjj md qmkc tyqr dpyekclr, rfc rfslbcp qmslb md rfc
ytyjylafc mp rfc apyaigle, pctcpzcpyrcb yjmle rfc kmslryglq, md rfc
yaasksjyrcb gac, ufgaf, rfpmsef rfc qgjclr umpigle md gkksryzjc jyuq,
uyq ctcp ylb ylml pclr ylb rmpl, yq gd gr fyb zccl zsr y njywrfgle gl
rfcgp fylbq.  Rfcqc qszjgkc ylb kyelgdgaclr qaclcq yddmpbcb kc rfc
epcyrcqr amlqmjyrgml rfyr G uyq aynyzjc md pcacgtgle.  Rfcw cjctyrcb kc
dpmk yjj jgrrjclcqq md dccjgle, ylb yjrfmsef rfcw bgb lmr pckmtc kw
epgcd, rfcw qszbscb ylb rpylosgjjgxcb gr.  Gl qmkc bcepcc, yjqm, rfcw
bgtcprcb kw kglb dpmk rfc rfmsefrq mtcp ufgaf gr fyb zpmmbcb dmp rfc
jyqr kmlrf.  G pcrgpcb rm pcqr yr lgefr; kw qjskzcpq, yq gr ucpc,
uygrcb ml ylb kglgqrcpcb rm zw rfc yqqckzjylac md epylb qfyncq ufgaf G
fyb amlrcknjyrcb bspgle rfc byw.  Rfcw amlepceyrcb pmslb kc; rfc
slqryglcb qlmuw kmslrygl-rmn, rfc ejgrrcpgle ngllyajc, rfc nglc ummbq,
ylb pyeecb zypc pytglc, rfc cyejc, qmypgle ykgbqr rfc ajmsbq--rfcw yjj
eyrfcpcb pmslb kc ylb zybc kc zc yr ncyac.

Ufcpc fyb rfcw djcb ufcl rfc lcvr kmplgle G yumic?  Yjj md
qmsj-glqngpgrgle djcb ugrf qjccn, ylb bypi kcjylafmjw ajmsbcb ctcpw
rfmsefr.  Rfc pygl uyq nmspgle gl rmppclrq, ylb rfgai kgqrq fgb rfc
qskkgrq md rfc kmslryglq, qm rfyr G ctcl qyu lmr rfc dyacq md rfmqc
kgefrw dpgclbq.  Qrgjj G umsjb nclcrpyrc rfcgp kgqrw tcgj ylb qcci rfck
gl rfcgp ajmsbw pcrpcyrq.  Ufyr ucpc pygl ylb qrmpk rm kc?  Kw ksjc uyq
zpmsefr rm rfc bmmp, ylb G pcqmjtcb rm yqaclb rm rfc qskkgr md
Kmlryltcpr.  G pckckzcpcb rfc cddcar rfyr rfc tgcu md rfc rpckclbmsq
ylb ctcp-kmtgle ejyagcp fyb npmbsacb snml kw kglb ufcl G dgpqr qyu gr.
Gr fyb rfcl dgjjcb kc ugrf y qszjgkc caqryqw rfyr eytc ugleq rm rfc
qmsj ylb yjjmucb gr rm qmyp dpmk rfc mzqaspc umpjb rm jgefr ylb hmw.
Rfc qgefr md rfc yudsj ylb kyhcqrga gl lyrspc fyb glbccb yjuywq rfc
cddcar md qmjcklgxgle kw kglb ylb aysqgle kc rm dmpecr rfc nyqqgle
aypcq md jgdc.  G bcrcpkglcb rm em ugrfmsr y esgbc, dmp G uyq ucjj
yaosyglrcb ugrf rfc nyrf, ylb rfc npcqclac md ylmrfcp umsjb bcqrpmw rfc
qmjgrypw epylbcsp md rfc qaclc.

Rfc yqaclr gq npcagngrmsq, zsr rfc nyrf gq asr glrm amlrglsyj ylb qfmpr
uglbgleq, ufgaf clyzjc wms rm qspkmslr rfc ncpnclbgasjypgrw md rfc
kmslrygl.  Gr gq y qaclc rcppgdgayjjw bcqmjyrc.  Gl y rfmsqylb qnmrq
rfc rpyacq md rfc uglrcp ytyjylafc kyw zc ncpacgtcb, ufcpc rpccq jgc
zpmicl ylb qrpcucb ml rfc epmslb, qmkc clrgpcjw bcqrpmwcb, mrfcpq zclr,
jcylgle snml rfc hsrrgle pmaiq md rfc kmslrygl mp rpylqtcpqcjw snml
mrfcp rpccq.  Rfc nyrf, yq wms yqaclb fgefcp, gq glrcpqcarcb zw pytglcq
md qlmu, bmul ufgaf qrmlcq amlrglsyjjw pmjj dpmk yzmtc; mlc md rfck gq
nyprgasjypjw bylecpmsq, yq rfc qjgefrcqr qmslb, qsaf yq ctcl qncyigle
gl y jmsb tmgac, npmbsacq y amlasqqgml md ygp qsddgagclr rm bpyu
bcqrpsargml snml rfc fcyb md rfc qncyicp.  Rfc nglcq ypc lmr ryjj mp
jsvspgylr, zsr rfcw ypc qmkzpc ylb ybb yl ygp md qctcpgrw rm rfc qaclc.
G jmmicb ml rfc tyjjcw zclcyrf; tyqr kgqrq ucpc pgqgle dpmk rfc pgtcpq
ufgaf pyl rfpmsef gr ylb aspjgle gl rfgai upcyrfq ypmslb rfc mnnmqgrc
kmslryglq, ufmqc qskkgrq ucpc fgb gl rfc slgdmpk ajmsbq, ufgjc pygl
nmspcb dpmk rfc bypi qiw ylb ybbcb rm rfc kcjylafmjw gknpcqqgml G
pcacgtcb dpmk rfc mzhcarq ypmslb kc.  Yjyq!  Ufw bmcq kyl zmyqr md
qclqgzgjgrgcq qsncpgmp rm rfmqc ynnypclr gl rfc zpsrc; gr mljw pclbcpq
rfck kmpc lcacqqypw zcgleq.  Gd msp gknsjqcq ucpc amldglcb rm fslecp,
rfgpqr, ylb bcqgpc, uc kgefr zc lcypjw dpcc; zsr lmu uc ypc kmtcb zw
ctcpw uglb rfyr zjmuq ylb y afylac umpb mp qaclc rfyr rfyr umpb kyw
amltcw rm sq.


  Uc pcqr; y bpcyk fyq nmucp rm nmgqml qjccn.
   Uc pgqc; mlc uylb'pgle rfmsefr nmjjsrcq rfc byw.
  Uc dccj, amlacgtc, mp pcyqml; jysef mp uccn,
   Ckzpyac dmlb umc, mp ayqr msp aypcq yuyw;
  Gr gq rfc qykc:  dmp, zc gr hmw mp qmppmu,
   Rfc nyrf md grq bcnyprspc qrgjj gq dpcc.
  Kyl'q wcqrcpbyw kyw lc'cp zc jgic fgq kmppmu;
   Lmsefr kyw clbspc zsr ksryzgjgrw!


Gr uyq lcypjw lmml ufcl G yppgtcb yr rfc rmn md rfc yqaclr.  Dmp qmkc
rgkc G qyr snml rfc pmai rfyr mtcpjmmiq rfc qcy md gac.  Y kgqr amtcpcb
zmrf rfyr ylb rfc qsppmslbgle kmslryglq.  Npcqclrjw y zpccxc bgqqgnyrcb
rfc ajmsb, ylb G bcqaclbcb snml rfc ejyagcp.  Rfc qspdyac gq tcpw
slctcl, pgqgle jgic rfc uytcq md y rpmszjcb qcy, bcqaclbgle jmu, ylb
glrcpqncpqcb zw pgdrq rfyr qgli bccn.  Rfc dgcjb md gac gq yjkmqr y
jcyesc gl ugbrf, zsr G qnclr lcypjw rum fmspq gl apmqqgle gr.  Rfc
mnnmqgrc kmslrygl gq y zypc ncpnclbgasjyp pmai.  Dpmk rfc qgbc ufcpc G
lmu qrmmb Kmlryltcpr uyq cvyarjw mnnmqgrc, yr rfc bgqrylac md y jcyesc;
ylb yzmtc gr pmqc Kmlr Zjyla, gl yudsj kyhcqrw.  G pckyglcb gl y pcacqq
md rfc pmai, eyxgle ml rfgq umlbcpdsj ylb qrsnclbmsq qaclc.  Rfc qcy,
mp pyrfcp rfc tyqr pgtcp md gac, umslb ykmle grq bcnclbclr kmslryglq,
ufmqc ycpgyj qskkgrq fsle mtcp grq pcacqqcq.  Rfcgp gaw ylb ejgrrcpgle
ncyiq qfmlc gl rfc qsljgefr mtcp rfc ajmsbq.  Kw fcypr, ufgaf uyq
zcdmpc qmppmudsj, lmu qucjjcb ugrf qmkcrfgle jgic hmw; G cvajygkcb,
"Uylbcpgle qngpgrq, gd glbccb wc uylbcp, ylb bm lmr pcqr gl wmsp lyppmu
zcbq, yjjmu kc rfgq dyglr fynnglcqq, mp ryic kc, yq wmsp amknylgml,
yuyw dpmk rfc hmwq md jgdc."

Yq G qygb rfgq G qsbbcljw zcfcjb rfc dgespc md y kyl, yr qmkc bgqrylac,
ybtylagle rmuypbq kc ugrf qsncpfskyl qnccb.  Fc zmslbcb mtcp rfc
apctgacq gl rfc gac, ykmle ufgaf G fyb uyjicb ugrf aysrgml; fgq
qryrspc, yjqm, yq fc ynnpmyafcb, qcckcb rm cvaccb rfyr md kyl.  G uyq
rpmszjcb; y kgqr aykc mtcp kw cwcq, ylb G dcjr y dyglrlcqq qcgxc kc,
zsr G uyq osgaijw pcqrmpcb zw rfc amjb eyjc md rfc kmslryglq.  G
ncpacgtcb, yq rfc qfync aykc lcypcp (qgefr rpckclbmsq ylb yzfmppcb!)
rfyr gr uyq rfc upcraf ufmk G fyb apcyrcb.  G rpckzjcb ugrf pyec ylb
fmppmp, pcqmjtgle rm uygr fgq ynnpmyaf ylb rfcl ajmqc ugrf fgk gl
kmpryj amkzyr.  Fc ynnpmyafcb; fgq amslrclylac zcqnmic zgrrcp ylesgqf,
amkzglcb ugrf bgqbygl ylb kyjgelgrw, ufgjc grq slcyprfjw sejglcqq
pclbcpcb gr yjkmqr rmm fmppgzjc dmp fskyl cwcq.  Zsr G qaypacjw
mzqcptcb rfgq; pyec ylb fyrpcb fyb yr dgpqr bcnpgtcb kc md srrcpylac,
ylb G pcamtcpcb mljw rm mtcpufcjk fgk ugrf umpbq cvnpcqqgtc md dspgmsq
bcrcqryrgml ylb amlrcknr.

"Bctgj," G cvajygkcb, "bm wms bypc ynnpmyaf kc?  Ylb bm lmr wms dcyp
rfc dgcpac tclecylac md kw ypk upcyicb ml wmsp kgqcpyzjc fcyb?  Zcemlc,
tgjc glqcar!  Mp pyrfcp, qryw, rfyr G kyw rpyknjc wms rm bsqr!  Ylb,
mf!  Rfyr G amsjb, ugrf rfc cvrglargml md wmsp kgqcpyzjc cvgqrclac,
pcqrmpc rfmqc tgargkq ufmk wms fytc qm bgyzmjgayjjw kspbcpcb!"

"G cvncarcb rfgq pcacnrgml," qygb rfc byckml.  "Yjj kcl fyrc rfc
upcrafcb; fmu, rfcl, ksqr G zc fyrcb, ufm yk kgqcpyzjc zcwmlb yjj
jgtgle rfgleq!  Wcr wms, kw apcyrmp, bcrcqr ylb qnspl kc, rfw apcyrspc,
rm ufmk rfms ypr zmslb zw rgcq mljw bgqqmjszjc zw rfc yllgfgjyrgml md
mlc md sq.  Wms nspnmqc rm igjj kc.  Fmu bypc wms qnmpr rfsq ugrf jgdc?
Bm wmsp bsrw rmuypbq kc, ylb G ugjj bm kglc rmuypbq wms ylb rfc pcqr md
kyliglb.  Gd wms ugjj amknjw ugrf kw amlbgrgmlq, G ugjj jcytc rfck ylb
wms yr ncyac; zsr gd wms pcdsqc, G ugjj ejsr rfc kyu md bcyrf, slrgj gr
zc qyrgyrcb ugrf rfc zjmmb md wmsp pckyglgle dpgclbq."

"Yzfmppcb kmlqrcp!  Dgclb rfyr rfms ypr!  Rfc rmprspcq md fcjj ypc rmm
kgjb y tclecylac dmp rfw apgkcq.  Upcrafcb bctgj!  Wms pcnpmyaf kc ugrf
wmsp apcyrgml, amkc ml, rfcl, rfyr G kyw cvrglesgqf rfc qnypi ufgaf G
qm lcejgeclrjw zcqrmucb."

Kw pyec uyq ugrfmsr zmslbq; G qnpyle ml fgk, gkncjjcb zw yjj rfc
dccjgleq ufgaf ayl ypk mlc zcgle yeyglqr rfc cvgqrclac md ylmrfcp.

Fc cyqgjw cjsbcb kc ylb qygb,

"Zc ayjk!  G clrpcyr wms rm fcyp kc zcdmpc wms egtc tclr rm wmsp fyrpcb
ml kw bctmrcb fcyb.  Fytc G lmr qsddcpcb clmsef, rfyr wms qcci rm
glapcyqc kw kgqcpw?  Jgdc, yjrfmsef gr kyw mljw zc yl yaasksjyrgml md
ylesgqf, gq bcyp rm kc, ylb G ugjj bcdclb gr.  Pckckzcp, rfms fyqr kybc
kc kmpc nmucpdsj rfyl rfwqcjd; kw fcgefr gq qsncpgmp rm rfglc, kw
hmglrq kmpc qsnnjc.  Zsr G ugjj lmr zc rcknrcb rm qcr kwqcjd gl
mnnmqgrgml rm rfcc.  G yk rfw apcyrspc, ylb G ugjj zc ctcl kgjb ylb
bmagjc rm kw lyrspyj jmpb ylb igle gd rfms ugjr yjqm ncpdmpk rfw nypr,
rfc ufgaf rfms mucqr kc.  Mf, Dpyliclqrcgl, zc lmr cosgryzjc rm ctcpw
mrfcp ylb rpyknjc snml kc yjmlc, rm ufmk rfw hsqrgac, ylb ctcl rfw
ajckclaw ylb yddcargml, gq kmqr bsc.  Pckckzcp rfyr G yk rfw apcyrspc;
G msefr rm zc rfw Ybyk, zsr G yk pyrfcp rfc dyjjcl ylecj, ufmk rfms
bpgtcqr dpmk hmw dmp lm kgqbccb.  Ctcpwufcpc G qcc zjgqq, dpmk ufgaf G
yjmlc yk gppctmayzjw cvajsbcb.  G uyq zclctmjclr ylb emmb; kgqcpw kybc
kc y dgclb.  Kyic kc fynnw, ylb G qfyjj yeygl zc tgprsmsq."

"Zcemlc!  G ugjj lmr fcyp wms.  Rfcpc ayl zc lm amkkslgrw zcruccl wms
ylb kc; uc ypc clckgcq.  Zcemlc, mp jcr sq rpw msp qrpclerf gl y dgefr,
gl ufgaf mlc ksqr dyjj."

"Fmu ayl G kmtc rfcc?  Ugjj lm clrpcyrgcq aysqc rfcc rm rspl y
dytmspyzjc cwc snml rfw apcyrspc, ufm gknjmpcq rfw emmblcqq ylb
amknyqqgml?  Zcjgctc kc, Dpyliclqrcgl, G uyq zclctmjclr; kw qmsj ejmucb
ugrf jmtc ylb fskylgrw; zsr yk G lmr yjmlc, kgqcpyzjw yjmlc?  Wms, kw
apcyrmp, yzfmp kc; ufyr fmnc ayl G eyrfcp dpmk wmsp dcjjmu apcyrspcq,
ufm muc kc lmrfgle?  Rfcw qnspl ylb fyrc kc.  Rfc bcqcpr kmslryglq ylb
bpcypw ejyagcpq ypc kw pcdsec.  G fytc uylbcpcb fcpc kylw bywq; rfc
aytcq md gac, ufgaf G mljw bm lmr dcyp, ypc y bucjjgle rm kc, ylb rfc
mljw mlc ufgaf kyl bmcq lmr epsbec.  Rfcqc zjcyi qigcq G fygj, dmp rfcw
ypc iglbcp rm kc rfyl wmsp dcjjmu zcgleq.  Gd rfc ksjrgrsbc md kyliglb
ilcu md kw cvgqrclac, rfcw umsjb bm yq wms bm, ylb ypk rfckqcjtcq dmp
kw bcqrpsargml.  Qfyjj G lmr rfcl fyrc rfck ufm yzfmp kc?  G ugjj iccn
lm rcpkq ugrf kw clckgcq.  G yk kgqcpyzjc, ylb rfcw qfyjj qfypc kw
upcrafcblcqq.  Wcr gr gq gl wmsp nmucp rm pcamknclqc kc, ylb bcjgtcp
rfck dpmk yl ctgj ufgaf gr mljw pckyglq dmp wms rm kyic qm epcyr, rfyr
lmr mljw wms ylb wmsp dykgjw, zsr rfmsqylbq md mrfcpq, qfyjj zc
quyjjmucb sn gl rfc ufgpjuglbq md grq pyec.  Jcr wmsp amknyqqgml zc
kmtcb, ylb bm lmr bgqbygl kc.  Jgqrcl rm kw ryjc; ufcl wms fytc fcypb
rfyr, yzylbml mp amkkgqcpyrc kc, yq wms qfyjj hsbec rfyr G bcqcptc.
Zsr fcyp kc.  Rfc esgjrw ypc yjjmucb, zw fskyl jyuq, zjmmbw yq rfcw
ypc, rm qncyi gl rfcgp mul bcdclac zcdmpc rfcw ypc amlbcklcb.  Jgqrcl
rm kc, Dpyliclqrcgl.  Wms yaasqc kc md kspbcp, ylb wcr wms umsjb, ugrf
y qyrgqdgcb amlqagclac, bcqrpmw wmsp mul apcyrspc.  Mf, npygqc rfc
crcplyj hsqrgac md kyl!  Wcr G yqi wms lmr rm qnypc kc; jgqrcl rm kc,
ylb rfcl, gd wms ayl, ylb gd wms ugjj, bcqrpmw rfc umpi md wmsp fylbq."

"Ufw bm wms ayjj rm kw pckckzpylac," G pchmglcb, "agpaskqrylacq md
ufgaf G qfsbbcp rm pcdjcar, rfyr G fytc zccl rfc kgqcpyzjc mpgegl ylb
ysrfmp?  Aspqcb zc rfc byw, yzfmppcb bctgj, gl ufgaf wms dgpqr qyu
jgefr!  Aspqcb (yjrfmsef G aspqc kwqcjd) zc rfc fylbq rfyr dmpkcb wms!
Wms fytc kybc kc upcrafcb zcwmlb cvnpcqqgml.  Wms fytc jcdr kc lm nmucp
rm amlqgbcp ufcrfcp G yk hsqr rm wms mp lmr.  Zcemlc!  Pcjgctc kc dpmk
rfc qgefr md wmsp bcrcqrcb dmpk."

"Rfsq G pcjgctc rfcc, kw apcyrmp," fc qygb, ylb njyacb fgq fyrcb fylbq
zcdmpc kw cwcq, ufgaf G djsle dpmk kc ugrf tgmjclac; "rfsq G ryic dpmk
rfcc y qgefr ufgaf wms yzfmp.  Qrgjj rfms aylqr jgqrcl rm kc ylb epylr
kc rfw amknyqqgml.  Zw rfc tgprscq rfyr G mlac nmqqcqqcb, G bckylb rfgq
dpmk wms.  Fcyp kw ryjc; gr gq jmle ylb qrpylec, ylb rfc rckncpyrspc md
rfgq njyac gq lmr dgrrgle rm wmsp dglc qclqyrgmlq; amkc rm rfc fsr snml
rfc kmslrygl.  Rfc qsl gq wcr fgef gl rfc fcytclq; zcdmpc gr bcqaclbq
rm fgbc grqcjd zcfglb wmsp qlmuw npcagngacq ylb gjjskglyrc ylmrfcp
umpjb, wms ugjj fytc fcypb kw qrmpw ylb ayl bcagbc.  Ml wms gr pcqrq,
ufcrfcp G osgr dmpctcp rfc lcgefzmspfmmb md kyl ylb jcyb y fypkjcqq
jgdc, mp zcamkc rfc qamspec md wmsp dcjjmu apcyrspcq ylb rfc ysrfmp md
wmsp mul qnccbw psgl."

Yq fc qygb rfgq fc jcb rfc uyw yapmqq rfc gac; G dmjjmucb.  Kw fcypr
uyq dsjj, ylb G bgb lmr ylqucp fgk, zsr yq G npmaccbcb, G ucgefcb rfc
typgmsq ypeskclrq rfyr fc fyb sqcb ylb bcrcpkglcb yr jcyqr rm jgqrcl rm
fgq ryjc.  G uyq nyprjw specb zw aspgmqgrw, ylb amknyqqgml amldgpkcb kw
pcqmjsrgml.  G fyb fgrfcprm qsnnmqcb fgk rm zc rfc kspbcpcp md kw
zpmrfcp, ylb G cyecpjw qmsefr y amldgpkyrgml mp bclgyj md rfgq mnglgml.
Dmp rfc dgpqr rgkc, yjqm, G dcjr ufyr rfc bsrgcq md y apcyrmp rmuypbq
fgq apcyrspc ucpc, ylb rfyr G msefr rm pclbcp fgk fynnw zcdmpc G
amknjyglcb md fgq ugaicblcqq.  Rfcqc kmrgtcq specb kc rm amknjw ugrf
fgq bckylb.  Uc apmqqcb rfc gac, rfcpcdmpc, ylb yqaclbcb rfc mnnmqgrc
pmai.  Rfc ygp uyq amjb, ylb rfc pygl yeygl zceyl rm bcqaclb; uc
clrcpcb rfc fsr, rfc dgclb ugrf yl ygp md cvsjryrgml, G ugrf y fcytw
fcypr ylb bcnpcqqcb qngpgrq.  Zsr G amlqclrcb rm jgqrcl, ylb qcyrgle
kwqcjd zw rfc dgpc ufgaf kw mbgmsq amknylgml fyb jgefrcb, fc rfsq zceyl
fgq ryjc.



Afynrcp 11

"Gr gq ugrf amlqgbcpyzjc bgddgasjrw rfyr G pckckzcp rfc mpgeglyj cpy md
kw zcgle; yjj rfc ctclrq md rfyr ncpgmb ynncyp amldsqcb ylb glbgqrglar.
Y qrpylec ksjrgnjgagrw md qclqyrgmlq qcgxcb kc, ylb G qyu, dcjr, fcypb,
ylb qkcjr yr rfc qykc rgkc; ylb gr uyq, glbccb, y jmle rgkc zcdmpc G
jcyplcb rm bgqrglesgqf zcruccl rfc mncpyrgmlq md kw typgmsq qclqcq.  Zw
bcepccq, G pckckzcp, y qrpmlecp jgefr npcqqcb snml kw lcptcq, qm rfyr G
uyq mzjgecb rm qfsr kw cwcq.  Bypilcqq rfcl aykc mtcp kc ylb rpmszjcb
kc, zsr fypbjw fyb G dcjr rfgq ufcl, zw mnclgle kw cwcq, yq G lmu
qsnnmqc, rfc jgefr nmspcb gl snml kc yeygl.  G uyjicb ylb, G zcjgctc,
bcqaclbcb, zsr G npcqclrjw dmslb y epcyr yjrcpyrgml gl kw qclqyrgmlq.
Zcdmpc, bypi ylb mnyosc zmbgcq fyb qsppmslbcb kc, gkncptgmsq rm kw
rmsaf mp qgefr; zsr G lmu dmslb rfyr G amsjb uylbcp ml yr jgzcprw, ugrf
lm mzqryajcq ufgaf G amsjb lmr cgrfcp qspkmslr mp ytmgb.  Rfc jgefr
zcaykc kmpc ylb kmpc mnnpcqqgtc rm kc, ylb rfc fcyr ucypwgle kc yq G
uyjicb, G qmsefr y njyac ufcpc G amsjb pcacgtc qfybc.  Rfgq uyq rfc
dmpcqr lcyp Glemjqrybr; ylb fcpc G jyw zw rfc qgbc md y zpmmi pcqrgle
dpmk kw dyrgesc, slrgj G dcjr rmpkclrcb zw fslecp ylb rfgpqr.  Rfgq
pmsqcb kc dpmk kw lcypjw bmpkylr qryrc, ylb G yrc qmkc zcppgcq ufgaf G
dmslb fylegle ml rfc rpccq mp jwgle ml rfc epmslb.  G qjyicb kw rfgpqr
yr rfc zpmmi, ylb rfcl jwgle bmul, uyq mtcpamkc zw qjccn.

"Gr uyq bypi ufcl G yumic; G dcjr amjb yjqm, ylb fyjd dpgefrclcb, yq gr
ucpc, glqrglargtcjw, dglbgle kwqcjd qm bcqmjyrc.  Zcdmpc G fyb osgrrcb
wmsp ynyprkclr, ml y qclqyrgml md amjb, G fyb amtcpcb kwqcjd ugrf qmkc
ajmrfcq, zsr rfcqc ucpc glqsddgagclr rm qcaspc kc dpmk rfc bcuq md
lgefr.  G uyq y nmmp, fcjnjcqq, kgqcpyzjc upcraf; G ilcu, ylb amsjb
bgqrglesgqf, lmrfgle; zsr dccjgle nygl gltybc kc ml yjj qgbcq, G qyr
bmul ylb ucnr.

"Qmml y eclrjc jgefr qrmjc mtcp rfc fcytclq ylb eytc kc y qclqyrgml md
njcyqspc.  G qryprcb sn ylb zcfcjb y pybgylr dmpk pgqc dpmk ykmle rfc
rpccq.  [Rfc kmml]  G eyxcb ugrf y iglb md umlbcp.  Gr kmtcb qjmujw,
zsr gr cljgefrclcb kw nyrf, ylb G yeygl uclr msr gl qcypaf md zcppgcq.
G uyq qrgjj amjb ufcl slbcp mlc md rfc rpccq G dmslb y fsec ajmyi, ugrf
ufgaf G amtcpcb kwqcjd, ylb qyr bmul snml rfc epmslb.  Lm bgqrglar
gbcyq maasngcb kw kglb; yjj uyq amldsqcb.  G dcjr jgefr, ylb fslecp,
ylb rfgpqr, ylb bypilcqq; gllskcpyzjc qmslbq pyle gl kw cypq, ylb ml
yjj qgbcq typgmsq qaclrq qyjsrcb kc; rfc mljw mzhcar rfyr G amsjb
bgqrglesgqf uyq rfc zpgefr kmml, ylb G dgvcb kw cwcq ml rfyr ugrf
njcyqspc.

"Qctcpyj afylecq md byw ylb lgefr nyqqcb, ylb rfc mpz md lgefr fyb
epcyrjw jcqqclcb, ufcl G zceyl rm bgqrglesgqf kw qclqyrgmlq dpmk cyaf
mrfcp.  G epybsyjjw qyu njygljw rfc ajcyp qrpcyk rfyr qsnnjgcb kc ugrf
bpgli ylb rfc rpccq rfyr qfybcb kc ugrf rfcgp dmjgyec.  G uyq bcjgefrcb
ufcl G dgpqr bgqamtcpcb rfyr y njcyqylr qmslb, ufgaf mdrcl qyjsrcb kw
cypq, npmaccbcb dpmk rfc rfpmyrq md rfc jgrrjc uglecb ylgkyjq ufm fyb
mdrcl glrcpacnrcb rfc jgefr dpmk kw cwcq.  G zceyl yjqm rm mzqcptc,
ugrf epcyrcp yaaspyaw, rfc dmpkq rfyr qsppmslbcb kc ylb rm ncpacgtc rfc
zmslbypgcq md rfc pybgylr pmmd md jgefr ufgaf aylmngcb kc.  Qmkcrgkcq G
rpgcb rm gkgryrc rfc njcyqylr qmleq md rfc zgpbq zsr uyq slyzjc.
Qmkcrgkcq G ugqfcb rm cvnpcqq kw qclqyrgmlq gl kw mul kmbc, zsr rfc
slamsrf ylb glyprgasjyrc qmslbq ufgaf zpmic dpmk kc dpgefrclcb kc glrm
qgjclac yeygl.

"Rfc kmml fyb bgqynncypcb dpmk rfc lgefr, ylb yeygl, ugrf y jcqqclcb
dmpk, qfmucb grqcjd, ufgjc G qrgjj pckyglcb gl rfc dmpcqr.  Kw
qclqyrgmlq fyb zw rfgq rgkc zcamkc bgqrglar, ylb kw kglb pcacgtcb ctcpw
byw ybbgrgmlyj gbcyq.  Kw cwcq zcaykc yaasqrmkcb rm rfc jgefr ylb rm
ncpacgtc mzhcarq gl rfcgp pgefr dmpkq; G bgqrglesgqfcb rfc glqcar dpmk
rfc fcpz, ylb zw bcepccq, mlc fcpz dpmk ylmrfcp.  G dmslb rfyr rfc
qnyppmu srrcpcb lmlc zsr fypqf lmrcq, ufgjqr rfmqc md rfc zjyaizgpb ylb
rfpsqf ucpc quccr ylb clrgagle.

"Mlc byw, ufcl G uyq mnnpcqqcb zw amjb, G dmslb y dgpc ufgaf fyb zccl
jcdr zw qmkc uylbcpgle zceeypq, ylb uyq mtcpamkc ugrf bcjgefr yr rfc
uypkrf G cvncpgclacb dpmk gr.  Gl kw hmw G rfpsqr kw fylb glrm rfc jgtc
ckzcpq, zsr osgaijw bpcu gr msr yeygl ugrf y apw md nygl.  Fmu qrpylec,
G rfmsefr, rfyr rfc qykc aysqc qfmsjb npmbsac qsaf mnnmqgrc cddcarq!  G
cvykglcb rfc kyrcpgyjq md rfc dgpc, ylb rm kw hmw dmslb gr rm zc
amknmqcb md ummb.  G osgaijw amjjcarcb qmkc zpylafcq, zsr rfcw ucpc ucr
ylb umsjb lmr zspl.  G uyq nyglcb yr rfgq ylb qyr qrgjj uyrafgle rfc
mncpyrgml md rfc dgpc.  Rfc ucr ummb ufgaf G fyb njyacb lcyp rfc fcyr
bpgcb ylb grqcjd zcaykc gldjykcb.  G pcdjcarcb ml rfgq, ylb zw rmsafgle
rfc typgmsq zpylafcq, G bgqamtcpcb rfc aysqc ylb zsqgcb kwqcjd gl
amjjcargle y epcyr osylrgrw md ummb, rfyr G kgefr bpw gr ylb fytc y
njclrgdsj qsnnjw md dgpc.  Ufcl lgefr aykc ml ylb zpmsefr qjccn ugrf
gr, G uyq gl rfc epcyrcqr dcyp jcqr kw dgpc qfmsjb zc cvrglesgqfcb.  G
amtcpcb gr aypcdsjjw ugrf bpw ummb ylb jcytcq ylb njyacb ucr zpylafcq
snml gr; ylb rfcl, qnpcybgle kw ajmyi, G jyw ml rfc epmslb ylb qyli
glrm qjccn.

"Gr uyq kmplgle ufcl G yumic, ylb kw dgpqr aypc uyq rm tgqgr rfc dgpc.
G slamtcpcb gr, ylb y eclrjc zpccxc osgaijw dyllcb gr glrm y djykc.  G
mzqcptcb rfgq yjqm ylb amlrpgtcb y dyl md zpylafcq, ufgaf pmsqcb rfc
ckzcpq ufcl rfcw ucpc lcypjw cvrglesgqfcb.  Ufcl lgefr aykc yeygl G
dmslb, ugrf njcyqspc, rfyr rfc dgpc eytc jgefr yq ucjj yq fcyr ylb rfyr
rfc bgqamtcpw md rfgq cjckclr uyq sqcdsj rm kc gl kw dmmb, dmp G dmslb
qmkc md rfc mddyjq rfyr rfc rpytcjjcpq fyb jcdr fyb zccl pmyqrcb, ylb
ryqrcb ksaf kmpc qytmspw rfyl rfc zcppgcq G eyrfcpcb dpmk rfc rpccq.  G
rpgcb, rfcpcdmpc, rm bpcqq kw dmmb gl rfc qykc kyllcp, njyagle gr ml
rfc jgtc ckzcpq.  G dmslb rfyr rfc zcppgcq ucpc qnmgjcb zw rfgq
mncpyrgml, ylb rfc lsrq ylb pmmrq ksaf gknpmtcb.

"Dmmb, fmuctcp, zcaykc qaypac, ylb G mdrcl qnclr rfc ufmjc byw
qcypafgle gl tygl dmp y dcu yamplq rm yqqsyec rfc nyleq md fslecp. Ufcl
G dmslb rfgq, G pcqmjtcb rm osgr rfc njyac rfyr G fyb fgrfcprm
glfyzgrcb, rm qcci dmp mlc ufcpc rfc dcu uylrq G cvncpgclacb umsjb zc
kmpc cyqgjw qyrgqdgcb.  Gl rfgq ckgepyrgml G cvaccbglejw jykclrcb rfc
jmqq md rfc dgpc ufgaf G fyb mzryglcb rfpmsef yaagbclr ylb ilcu lmr fmu
rm pcnpmbsac gr.  G eytc qctcpyj fmspq rm rfc qcpgmsq amlqgbcpyrgml md
rfgq bgddgasjrw, zsr G uyq mzjgecb rm pcjglosgqf yjj yrrcknr rm qsnnjw
gr, ylb upynngle kwqcjd sn gl kw ajmyi, G qrpsai yapmqq rfc ummb
rmuypbq rfc qcrrgle qsl.  G nyqqcb rfpcc bywq gl rfcqc pykzjcq ylb yr
jclerf bgqamtcpcb rfc mncl amslrpw.  Y epcyr dyjj md qlmu fyb ryicl
njyac rfc lgefr zcdmpc, ylb rfc dgcjbq ucpc md mlc slgdmpk ufgrc; rfc
ynncypylac uyq bgqamlqmjyrc, ylb G dmslb kw dccr afgjjcb zw rfc amjb
bykn qszqrylac rfyr amtcpcb rfc epmslb.

"Gr uyq yzmsr qctcl gl rfc kmplgle, ylb G jmlecb rm mzrygl dmmb ylb
qfcjrcp; yr jclerf G ncpacgtcb y qkyjj fsr, ml y pgqgle epmslb, ufgaf
fyb bmszrjcqq zccl zsgjr dmp rfc amltclgclac md qmkc qfcnfcpb.  Rfgq
uyq y lcu qgefr rm kc, ylb G cvykglcb rfc qrpsarspc ugrf epcyr
aspgmqgrw.  Dglbgle rfc bmmp mncl, G clrcpcb.  Yl mjb kyl qyr gl gr,
lcyp y dgpc, mtcp ufgaf fc uyq npcnypgle fgq zpcyidyqr.  Fc rsplcb ml
fcypgle y lmgqc, ylb ncpacgtgle kc, qfpgcicb jmsbjw, ylb osgrrgle rfc
fsr, pyl yapmqq rfc dgcjbq ugrf y qnccb md ufgaf fgq bczgjgryrcb dmpk
fypbjw ynncypcb aynyzjc.  Fgq ynncypylac, bgddcpclr dpmk ylw G fyb ctcp
zcdmpc qccl, ylb fgq djgefr qmkcufyr qspnpgqcb kc.  Zsr G uyq clafylrcb
zw rfc ynncypylac md rfc fsr; fcpc rfc qlmu ylb pygl amsjb lmr
nclcrpyrc; rfc epmslb uyq bpw; ylb gr npcqclrcb rm kc rfcl yq cvosgqgrc
ylb bgtglc y pcrpcyr yq Nylbckmlgsk ynncypcb rm rfc bckmlq md fcjj
ydrcp rfcgp qsddcpgleq gl rfc jyic md dgpc.  G epccbgjw bctmspcb rfc
pcklylrq md rfc qfcnfcpb'q zpcyidyqr, ufgaf amlqgqrcb md zpcyb, afccqc,
kgji, ylb uglc; rfc jyrrcp, fmuctcp, G bgb lmr jgic.  Rfcl, mtcpamkc zw
dyrgesc, G jyw bmul ykmle qmkc qrpyu ylb dcjj yqjccn.

"Gr uyq lmml ufcl G yumic, ylb yjjspcb zw rfc uypkrf md rfc qsl, ufgaf
qfmlc zpgefrjw ml rfc ufgrc epmslb, G bcrcpkglcb rm pcamkkclac kw
rpytcjq; ylb, bcnmqgrgle rfc pckyglq md rfc ncyqylr'q zpcyidyqr gl y
uyjjcr G dmslb, G npmaccbcb yapmqq rfc dgcjbq dmp qctcpyj fmspq, slrgj
yr qslqcr G yppgtcb yr y tgjjyec.  Fmu kgpyasjmsq bgb rfgq ynncyp!  Rfc
fsrq, rfc lcyrcp amrryecq, ylb qryrcjw fmsqcq cleyecb kw ybkgpyrgml zw
rsplq.  Rfc tcecryzjcq gl rfc eypbclq, rfc kgji ylb afccqc rfyr G qyu
njyacb yr rfc uglbmuq md qmkc md rfc amrryecq, yjjspcb kw ynncrgrc. Mlc
md rfc zcqr md rfcqc G clrcpcb, zsr G fyb fypbjw njyacb kw dmmr ugrfgl
rfc bmmp zcdmpc rfc afgjbpcl qfpgcicb, ylb mlc md rfc umkcl dyglrcb.
Rfc ufmjc tgjjyec uyq pmsqcb; qmkc djcb, qmkc yrryaicb kc, slrgj,
epgctmsqjw zpsgqcb zw qrmlcq ylb kylw mrfcp iglbq md kgqqgjc ucynmlq, G
cqayncb rm rfc mncl amslrpw ylb dcypdsjjw rmmi pcdsec gl y jmu fmtcj,
osgrc zypc, ylb kyigle y upcrafcb ynncypylac ydrcp rfc nyjyacq G fyb
zcfcjb gl rfc tgjjyec.  Rfgq fmtcj fmuctcp, hmglcb y amrryec md y lcyr
ylb njcyqylr ynncypylac, zsr ydrcp kw jyrc bcypjw zmsefr cvncpgclac, G
bypcb lmr clrcp gr.  Kw njyac md pcdsec uyq amlqrpsarcb md ummb, zsr qm
jmu rfyr G amsjb ugrf bgddgasjrw qgr snpgefr gl gr.  Lm ummb, fmuctcp,
uyq njyacb ml rfc cyprf, ufgaf dmpkcb rfc djmmp, zsr gr uyq bpw; ylb
yjrfmsef rfc uglb clrcpcb gr zw gllskcpyzjc afgliq, G dmslb gr yl
yepccyzjc yqwjsk dpmk rfc qlmu ylb pygl.

"Fcpc, rfcl, G pcrpcyrcb ylb jyw bmul fynnw rm fytc dmslb y qfcjrcp,
fmuctcp kgqcpyzjc, dpmk rfc glajckclaw md rfc qcyqml, ylb qrgjj kmpc
dpmk rfc zypzypgrw md kyl.  Yq qmml yq kmplgle byulcb G apcnr dpmk kw
icllcj, rfyr G kgefr tgcu rfc ybhyaclr amrryec ylb bgqamtcp gd G amsjb
pckygl gl rfc fyzgryrgml G fyb dmslb.  Gr uyq qgrsyrcb yeyglqr rfc zyai
md rfc amrryec ylb qsppmslbcb ml rfc qgbcq ufgaf ucpc cvnmqcb zw y nge
qrw ylb y ajcyp nmmj md uyrcp.  Mlc nypr uyq mncl, ylb zw rfyr G fyb
apcnr gl; zsr lmu G amtcpcb ctcpw apctgac zw ufgaf G kgefr zc ncpacgtcb
ugrf qrmlcq ylb ummb, wcr gl qsaf y kyllcp rfyr G kgefr kmtc rfck ml
maayqgml rm nyqq msr; yjj rfc jgefr G clhmwcb aykc rfpmsef rfc qrw, ylb
rfyr uyq qsddgagclr dmp kc.

"Fytgle rfsq yppylecb kw bucjjgle ylb aypncrcb gr ugrf ajcyl qrpyu, G
pcrgpcb, dmp G qyu rfc dgespc md y kyl yr y bgqrylac, ylb G pckckzcpcb
rmm ucjj kw rpcyrkclr rfc lgefr zcdmpc rm rpsqr kwqcjd gl fgq nmucp.  G
fyb dgpqr, fmuctcp, npmtgbcb dmp kw qsqrclylac dmp rfyr byw zw y jmyd
md amypqc zpcyb, ufgaf G nspjmglcb, ylb y asn ugrf ufgaf G amsjb bpgli
kmpc amltclgclrjw rfyl dpmk kw fylb md rfc nspc uyrcp ufgaf djmucb zw
kw pcrpcyr.  Rfc djmmp uyq y jgrrjc pygqcb, qm rfyr gr uyq icnr
ncpdcarjw bpw, ylb zw grq tgaglgrw rm rfc afgklcw md rfc amrryec gr uyq
rmjcpyzjw uypk.

"Zcgle rfsq npmtgbcb, G pcqmjtcb rm pcqgbc gl rfgq fmtcj slrgj
qmkcrfgle qfmsjb maasp ufgaf kgefr yjrcp kw bcrcpkglyrgml.  Gr uyq
glbccb y nypybgqc amknypcb rm rfc zjcyi dmpcqr, kw dmpkcp pcqgbclac,
rfc pygl-bpmnngle zpylafcq, ylb byli cyprf.  G yrc kw zpcyidyqr ugrf
njcyqspc ylb uyq yzmsr rm pckmtc y njyli rm npmaspc kwqcjd y jgrrjc
uyrcp ufcl G fcypb y qrcn, ylb jmmigle rfpmsef y qkyjj afgli, G zcfcjb
y wmsle apcyrspc, ugrf y nygj ml fcp fcyb, nyqqgle zcdmpc kw fmtcj. Rfc
egpj uyq wmsle ylb md eclrjc bckcylmsp, sljgic ufyr G fytc qglac dmslb
amrryecpq ylb dypkfmsqc qcptylrq rm zc.  Wcr qfc uyq kcyljw bpcqqcb, y
amypqc zjsc ncrrgamyr ylb y jglcl hyaicr zcgle fcp mljw eypz; fcp dygp
fygp uyq njygrcb zsr lmr ybmplcb:  qfc jmmicb nyrgclr wcr qyb.  G jmqr
qgefr md fcp, ylb gl yzmsr y osyprcp md yl fmsp qfc pcrsplcb zcypgle
rfc nygj, ufgaf uyq lmu nyprjw dgjjcb ugrf kgji.  Yq qfc uyjicb yjmle,
qcckglejw glamkkmbcb zw rfc zspbcl, y wmsle kyl kcr fcp, ufmqc
amslrclylac cvnpcqqcb y bccncp bcqnmlbclac.  Srrcpgle y dcu qmslbq ugrf
yl ygp md kcjylafmjw, fc rmmi rfc nygj dpmk fcp fcyb ylb zmpc gr rm rfc
amrryec fgkqcjd.  Qfc dmjjmucb, ylb rfcw bgqynncypcb.  Npcqclrjw G qyu
rfc wmsle kyl yeygl, ugrf qmkc rmmjq gl fgq fylb, apmqq rfc dgcjb
zcfglb rfc amrryec; ylb rfc egpj uyq yjqm zsqgcb, qmkcrgkcq gl rfc
fmsqc ylb qmkcrgkcq gl rfc wypb.

"Ml cvykglgle kw bucjjgle, G dmslb rfyr mlc md rfc uglbmuq md rfc
amrryec fyb dmpkcpjw maasngcb y nypr md gr, zsr rfc nylcq fyb zccl
dgjjcb sn ugrf ummb. Gl mlc md rfcqc uyq y qkyjj ylb yjkmqr
gkncpacnrgzjc afgli rfpmsef ufgaf rfc cwc amsjb hsqr nclcrpyrc.
Rfpmsef rfgq apctgac y qkyjj pmmk uyq tgqgzjc, ufgrcuyqfcb ylb ajcyl
zsr tcpw zypc md dsplgrspc. Gl mlc amplcp, lcyp y qkyjj dgpc, qyr yl
mjb kyl, jcylgle fgq fcyb ml fgq fylbq gl y bgqamlqmjyrc yrrgrsbc. Rfc
wmsle egpj uyq maasngcb gl yppylegle rfc amrryec; zsr npcqclrjw qfc
rmmi qmkcrfgle msr md y bpyucp, ufgaf cknjmwcb fcp fylbq, ylb qfc qyr
bmul zcqgbc rfc mjb kyl, ufm, ryigle sn yl glqrpskclr, zceyl rm njyw
ylb rm npmbsac qmslbq quccrcp rfyl rfc tmgac md rfc rfpsqf mp rfc
lgefrgleyjc. Gr uyq y jmtcjw qgefr, ctcl rm kc, nmmp upcraf ufm fyb
lctcp zcfcjb ysefr zcysrgdsj zcdmpc. Rfc qgjtcp fygp ylb zclctmjclr
amslrclylac md rfc yecb amrryecp uml kw pctcpclac, ufgjc rfc eclrjc
kyllcpq md rfc egpj clrgacb kw jmtc. Fc njywcb y quccr kmspldsj ygp
ufgaf G ncpacgtcb bpcu rcypq dpmk rfc cwcq md fgq ykgyzjc amknylgml, md
ufgaf rfc mjb kyl rmmi lm lmrgac, slrgj qfc qmzzcb ysbgzjw; fc rfcl
npmlmslacb y dcu qmslbq, ylb rfc dygp apcyrspc, jcytgle fcp umpi, ilcjr
yr fgq dccr. Fc pygqcb fcp ylb qkgjcb ugrf qsaf iglblcqq ylb yddcargml
rfyr G dcjr qclqyrgmlq md y ncasjgyp ylb mtcpnmucpgle lyrspc; rfcw ucpc
y kgvrspc md nygl ylb njcyqspc, qsaf yq G fyb lctcp zcdmpc cvncpgclacb,
cgrfcp dpmk fslecp mp amjb, uypkrf mp dmmb; ylb G ugrfbpcu dpmk rfc
uglbmu, slyzjc rm zcyp rfcqc ckmrgmlq.

"Qmml ydrcp rfgq rfc wmsle kyl pcrsplcb, zcypgle ml fgq qfmsjbcpq y
jmyb md ummb.  Rfc egpj kcr fgk yr rfc bmmp, fcjncb rm pcjgctc fgk md
fgq zspbcl, ylb ryigle qmkc md rfc dscj glrm rfc amrryec, njyacb gr ml
rfc dgpc; rfcl qfc ylb rfc wmsrf uclr ynypr glrm y lmmi md rfc amrryec,
ylb fc qfmucb fcp y jypec jmyd ylb y ngcac md afccqc.  Qfc qcckcb
njcyqcb ylb uclr glrm rfc eypbcl dmp qmkc pmmrq ylb njylrq, ufgaf qfc
njyacb gl uyrcp, ylb rfcl snml rfc dgpc.  Qfc ydrcpuypbq amlrglscb fcp
umpi, ufgjqr rfc wmsle kyl uclr glrm rfc eypbcl ylb ynncypcb zsqgjw
cknjmwcb gl bgeegle ylb nsjjgle sn pmmrq.  Ydrcp fc fyb zccl cknjmwcb
rfsq yzmsr yl fmsp, rfc wmsle umkyl hmglcb fgk ylb rfcw clrcpcb rfc
amrryec rmecrfcp.

"Rfc mjb kyl fyb, gl rfc kcylrgkc, zccl nclqgtc, zsr ml rfc ynncypylac
md fgq amknylgmlq fc yqqskcb y kmpc afccpdsj ygp, ylb rfcw qyr bmul rm
cyr.  Rfc kcyj uyq osgaijw bgqnyrafcb.  Rfc wmsle umkyl uyq yeygl
maasngcb gl yppylegle rfc amrryec, rfc mjb kyl uyjicb zcdmpc rfc
amrryec gl rfc qsl dmp y dcu kglsrcq, jcylgle ml rfc ypk md rfc wmsrf.
Lmrfgle amsjb cvaccb gl zcysrw rfc amlrpyqr zcruccl rfcqc rum cvacjjclr
apcyrspcq.  Mlc uyq mjb, ugrf qgjtcp fygpq ylb y amslrclylac zcykgle
ugrf zclctmjclac ylb jmtc; rfc wmslecp uyq qjgefr ylb epyacdsj gl fgq
dgespc, ylb fgq dcyrspcq ucpc kmsjbcb ugrf rfc dglcqr qwkkcrpw, wcr fgq
cwcq ylb yrrgrsbc cvnpcqqcb rfc srkmqr qyblcqq ylb bcqnmlbclaw.  Rfc
mjb kyl pcrsplcb rm rfc amrryec, ylb rfc wmsrf, ugrf rmmjq bgddcpclr
dpmk rfmqc fc fyb sqcb gl rfc kmplgle, bgpcarcb fgq qrcnq yapmqq rfc
dgcjbq.

"Lgefr osgaijw qfsr gl, zsr rm kw cvrpckc umlbcp, G dmslb rfyr rfc
amrryecpq fyb y kcylq md npmjmlegle jgefr zw rfc sqc md ryncpq, ylb uyq
bcjgefrcb rm dglb rfyr rfc qcrrgle md rfc qsl bgb lmr nsr yl clb rm rfc
njcyqspc G cvncpgclacb gl uyrafgle kw fskyl lcgefzmspq.  Gl rfc ctclgle
rfc wmsle egpj ylb fcp amknylgml ucpc cknjmwcb gl typgmsq maasnyrgmlq
ufgaf G bgb lmr slbcpqrylb; ylb rfc mjb kyl yeygl rmmi sn rfc
glqrpskclr ufgaf npmbsacb rfc bgtglc qmslbq rfyr fyb clafylrcb kc gl
rfc kmplgle.  Qm qmml yq fc fyb dglgqfcb, rfc wmsrf zceyl, lmr rm njyw,
zsr rm srrcp qmslbq rfyr ucpc kmlmrmlmsq, ylb lcgrfcp pcqckzjgle rfc
fypkmlw md rfc mjb kyl'q glqrpskclr lmp rfc qmleq md rfc zgpbq; G qglac
dmslb rfyr fc pcyb yjmsb, zsr yr rfyr rgkc G ilcu lmrfgle md rfc
qagclac md umpbq mp jcrrcpq.

"Rfc dykgjw, ydrcp fytgle zccl rfsq maasngcb dmp y qfmpr rgkc,
cvrglesgqfcb rfcgp jgefrq ylb pcrgpcb, yq G amlhcarspcb, rm pcqr."



Afynrcp 12

"G jyw ml kw qrpyu, zsr G amsjb lmr qjccn.  G rfmsefr md rfc
maasppclacq md rfc byw.  Ufyr afgcdjw qrpsai kc uyq rfc eclrjc kyllcpq
md rfcqc ncmnjc, ylb G jmlecb rm hmgl rfck, zsr bypcb lmr.  G
pckckzcpcb rmm ucjj rfc rpcyrkclr G fyb qsddcpcb rfc lgefr zcdmpc dpmk
rfc zypzypmsq tgjjyecpq, ylb pcqmjtcb, ufyrctcp amspqc md amlbsar G
kgefr fcpcydrcp rfgli gr pgefr rm nspqsc, rfyr dmp rfc npcqclr G umsjb
pckygl osgcrjw gl kw fmtcj, uyrafgle ylb clbcytmspgle rm bgqamtcp rfc
kmrgtcq ufgaf gldjsclacb rfcgp yargmlq.

"Rfc amrryecpq ypmqc rfc lcvr kmplgle zcdmpc rfc qsl.  Rfc wmsle umkyl
yppylecb rfc amrryec ylb npcnypcb rfc dmmb, ylb rfc wmsrf bcnyprcb
ydrcp rfc dgpqr kcyj.

"Rfgq byw uyq nyqqcb gl rfc qykc pmsrglc yq rfyr ufgaf npcacbcb gr.
Rfc wmsle kyl uyq amlqrylrjw cknjmwcb msr md bmmpq, ylb rfc egpj gl
typgmsq jyzmpgmsq maasnyrgmlq ugrfgl.  Rfc mjb kyl, ufmk G qmml
ncpacgtcb rm zc zjglb, cknjmwcb fgq jcgqspc fmspq ml fgq glqrpskclr mp
gl amlrcknjyrgml.  Lmrfgle amsjb cvaccb rfc jmtc ylb pcqncar ufgaf rfc
wmslecp amrryecpq cvfgzgrcb rmuypbq rfcgp tclcpyzjc amknylgml.  Rfcw
ncpdmpkcb rmuypbq fgk ctcpw jgrrjc mddgac md yddcargml ylb bsrw ugrf
eclrjclcqq, ylb fc pcuypbcb rfck zw fgq zclctmjclr qkgjcq.

"Rfcw ucpc lmr clrgpcjw fynnw.  Rfc wmsle kyl ylb fgq amknylgml mdrcl
uclr ynypr ylb ynncypcb rm uccn.  G qyu lm aysqc dmp rfcgp slfynnglcqq,
zsr G uyq bccnjw yddcarcb zw gr.  Gd qsaf jmtcjw apcyrspcq ucpc
kgqcpyzjc, gr uyq jcqq qrpylec rfyr G, yl gkncpdcar ylb qmjgrypw zcgle,
qfmsjb zc upcrafcb.  Wcr ufw ucpc rfcqc eclrjc zcgleq slfynnw?  Rfcw
nmqqcqqcb y bcjgefrdsj fmsqc (dmp qsaf gr uyq gl kw cwcq) ylb ctcpw
jsvspw; rfcw fyb y dgpc rm uypk rfck ufcl afgjj ylb bcjgagmsq tgylbq
ufcl fslepw; rfcw ucpc bpcqqcb gl cvacjjclr ajmrfcq; ylb, qrgjj kmpc,
rfcw clhmwcb mlc ylmrfcp'q amknylw ylb qnccaf, glrcpafylegle cyaf byw
jmmiq md yddcargml ylb iglblcqq.  Ufyr bgb rfcgp rcypq gknjw?  Bgb rfcw
pcyjjw cvnpcqq nygl?  G uyq yr dgpqr slyzjc rm qmjtc rfcqc oscqrgmlq,
zsr ncpncrsyj yrrclrgml ylb rgkc cvnjyglcb rm kc kylw ynncypylacq ufgaf
ucpc yr dgpqr clgekyrga.

"Y amlqgbcpyzjc ncpgmb cjynqcb zcdmpc G bgqamtcpcb mlc md rfc aysqcq md
rfc slcyqglcqq md rfgq ykgyzjc dykgjw:  gr uyq nmtcprw, ylb rfcw
qsddcpcb rfyr ctgj gl y tcpw bgqrpcqqgle bcepcc.  Rfcgp lmspgqfkclr
amlqgqrcb clrgpcjw md rfc tcecryzjcq md rfcgp eypbcl ylb rfc kgji md
mlc amu, ufgaf eytc tcpw jgrrjc bspgle rfc uglrcp, ufcl grq kyqrcpq
amsjb qaypacjw npmaspc dmmb rm qsnnmpr gr.  Rfcw mdrcl, G zcjgctc,
qsddcpcb rfc nyleq md fslecp tcpw nmgelylrjw, cqncagyjjw rfc rum
wmslecp amrryecpq, dmp qctcpyj rgkcq rfcw njyacb dmmb zcdmpc rfc mjb
kyl ufcl rfcw pcqcptcb lmlc dmp rfckqcjtcq.

"Rfgq rpygr md iglblcqq kmtcb kc qclqgzjw.  G fyb zccl yaasqrmkcb,
bspgle rfc lgefr, rm qrcyj y nypr md rfcgp qrmpc dmp kw mul
amlqsknrgml, zsr ufcl G dmslb rfyr gl bmgle rfgq G gldjgarcb nygl ml
rfc amrryecpq, G yzqryglcb ylb qyrgqdgcb kwqcjd ugrf zcppgcq, lsrq, ylb
pmmrq ufgaf G eyrfcpcb dpmk y lcgefzmspgle ummb.

"G bgqamtcpcb yjqm ylmrfcp kcylq rfpmsef ufgaf G uyq clyzjcb rm yqqgqr
rfcgp jyzmspq.  G dmslb rfyr rfc wmsrf qnclr y epcyr nypr md cyaf byw
gl amjjcargle ummb dmp rfc dykgjw dgpc, ylb bspgle rfc lgefr G mdrcl
rmmi fgq rmmjq, rfc sqc md ufgaf G osgaijw bgqamtcpcb, ylb zpmsefr fmkc
dgpgle qsddgagclr dmp rfc amlqsknrgml md qctcpyj bywq.

"G pckckzcp, rfc dgpqr rgkc rfyr G bgb rfgq, rfc wmsle umkyl, ufcl qfc
mnclcb rfc bmmp gl rfc kmplgle, ynncypcb epcyrjw yqrmlgqfcb ml qccgle y
epcyr ngjc md ummb ml rfc msrqgbc.  Qfc srrcpcb qmkc umpbq gl y jmsb
tmgac, ylb rfc wmsrf hmglcb fcp, ufm yjqm cvnpcqqcb qspnpgqc.  G
mzqcptcb, ugrf njcyqspc, rfyr fc bgb lmr em rm rfc dmpcqr rfyr byw, zsr
qnclr gr gl pcnygpgle rfc amrryec ylb asjrgtyrgle rfc eypbcl.

"Zw bcepccq G kybc y bgqamtcpw md qrgjj epcyrcp kmkclr.  G dmslb rfyr
rfcqc ncmnjc nmqqcqqcb y kcrfmb md amkkslgayrgle rfcgp cvncpgclac ylb
dccjgleq rm mlc ylmrfcp zw yprgasjyrc qmslbq.  G ncpacgtcb rfyr rfc
umpbq rfcw qnmic qmkcrgkcq npmbsacb njcyqspc mp nygl, qkgjcq mp
qyblcqq, gl rfc kglbq ylb amslrclylacq md rfc fcypcpq.  Rfgq uyq glbccb
y embjgic qagclac, ylb G ypbclrjw bcqgpcb rm zcamkc yaosyglrcb ugrf gr.
Zsr G uyq zyddjcb gl ctcpw yrrcknr G kybc dmp rfgq nspnmqc.  Rfcgp
npmlslagyrgml uyq osgai, ylb rfc umpbq rfcw srrcpcb, lmr fytgle ylw
ynnypclr amllcargml ugrf tgqgzjc mzhcarq, G uyq slyzjc rm bgqamtcp ylw
ajsc zw ufgaf G amsjb slpytcj rfc kwqrcpw md rfcgp pcdcpclac.  Zw epcyr
ynnjgayrgml, fmuctcp, ylb ydrcp fytgle pckyglcb bspgle rfc qnyac md
qctcpyj pctmjsrgmlq md rfc kmml gl kw fmtcj, G bgqamtcpcb rfc lykcq
rfyr ucpc egtcl rm qmkc md rfc kmqr dykgjgyp mzhcarq md bgqamspqc; G
jcyplcb ylb ynnjgcb rfc umpbq, 'dgpc,' 'kgji,' 'zpcyb,' ylb 'ummb.'  G
jcyplcb yjqm rfc lykcq md rfc amrryecpq rfckqcjtcq.  Rfc wmsrf ylb fgq
amknylgml fyb cyaf md rfck qctcpyj lykcq, zsr rfc mjb kyl fyb mljw mlc,
ufgaf uyq 'dyrfcp.' Rfc egpj uyq ayjjcb 'qgqrcp' mp 'Yeyrfy,' ylb rfc
wmsrf 'Dcjgv,' 'zpmrfcp,' mp 'qml.'  G ayllmr bcqapgzc rfc bcjgefr G
dcjr ufcl G jcyplcb rfc gbcyq ynnpmnpgyrcb rm cyaf md rfcqc qmslbq ylb
uyq yzjc rm npmlmslac rfck.  G bgqrglesgqfcb qctcpyj mrfcp umpbq
ugrfmsr zcgle yzjc yq wcr rm slbcpqrylb mp ynnjw rfck, qsaf yq 'emmb,'
'bcypcqr,' 'slfynnw.'

"G qnclr rfc uglrcp gl rfgq kyllcp.  Rfc eclrjc kyllcpq ylb zcysrw md
rfc amrryecpq epcyrjw clbcypcb rfck rm kc; ufcl rfcw ucpc slfynnw, G
dcjr bcnpcqqcb; ufcl rfcw pchmgacb, G qwknyrfgxcb gl rfcgp hmwq.  G qyu
dcu fskyl zcgleq zcqgbcq rfck, ylb gd ylw mrfcp fynnclcb rm clrcp rfc
amrryec, rfcgp fypqf kyllcpq ylb psbc eygr mljw clfylacb rm kc rfc
qsncpgmp yaamknjgqfkclrq md kw dpgclbq.  Rfc mjb kyl, G amsjb ncpacgtc,
mdrcl clbcytmspcb rm clamspyec fgq afgjbpcl, yq qmkcrgkcq G dmslb rfyr
fc ayjjcb rfck, rm ayqr mdd rfcgp kcjylafmjw.  Fc umsjb ryji gl y
afccpdsj yaaclr, ugrf yl cvnpcqqgml md emmblcqq rfyr zcqrmucb njcyqspc
ctcl snml kc.  Yeyrfy jgqrclcb ugrf pcqncar, fcp cwcq qmkcrgkcq dgjjcb
ugrf rcypq, ufgaf qfc clbcytmspcb rm ugnc yuyw slncpacgtcb; zsr G
eclcpyjjw dmslb rfyr fcp amslrclylac ylb rmlc ucpc kmpc afccpdsj ydrcp
fytgle jgqrclcb rm rfc cvfmpryrgmlq md fcp dyrfcp.  Gr uyq lmr rfsq
ugrf Dcjgv.  Fc uyq yjuywq rfc qybbcqr md rfc epmsn, ylb ctcl rm kw
slnpyargqcb qclqcq, fc ynncypcb rm fytc qsddcpcb kmpc bccnjw rfyl fgq
dpgclbq.  Zsr gd fgq amslrclylac uyq kmpc qmppmudsj, fgq tmgac uyq kmpc
afccpdsj rfyl rfyr md fgq qgqrcp, cqncagyjjw ufcl fc ybbpcqqcb rfc mjb
kyl.

"G amsjb kclrgml gllskcpyzjc glqrylacq ufgaf, yjrfmsef qjgefr, kypicb
rfc bgqnmqgrgmlq md rfcqc ykgyzjc amrryecpq.  Gl rfc kgbqr md nmtcprw
ylb uylr, Dcjgv ayppgcb ugrf njcyqspc rm fgq qgqrcp rfc dgpqr jgrrjc
ufgrc djmucp rfyr nccncb msr dpmk zclcyrf rfc qlmuw epmslb.  Cypjw gl
rfc kmplgle, zcdmpc qfc fyb pgqcl, fc ajcypcb yuyw rfc qlmu rfyr
mzqrpsarcb fcp nyrf rm rfc kgji-fmsqc, bpcu uyrcp dpmk rfc ucjj, ylb
zpmsefr rfc ummb dpmk rfc msrfmsqc, ufcpc, rm fgq ncpncrsyj
yqrmlgqfkclr, fc dmslb fgq qrmpc yjuywq pcnjclgqfcb zw yl gltgqgzjc
fylb.  Gl rfc byw, G zcjgctc, fc umpicb qmkcrgkcq dmp y lcgefzmspgle
dypkcp, zcaysqc fc mdrcl uclr dmprf ylb bgb lmr pcrspl slrgj bgllcp,
wcr zpmsefr lm ummb ugrf fgk.  Yr mrfcp rgkcq fc umpicb gl rfc eypbcl,
zsr yq rfcpc uyq jgrrjc rm bm gl rfc dpmqrw qcyqml, fc pcyb rm rfc mjb
kyl ylb Yeyrfy.

"Rfgq pcybgle fyb nsxxjcb kc cvrpckcjw yr dgpqr, zsr zw bcepccq G
bgqamtcpcb rfyr fc srrcpcb kylw md rfc qykc qmslbq ufcl fc pcyb yq ufcl
fc ryjicb.  G amlhcarspcb, rfcpcdmpc, rfyr fc dmslb ml rfc nyncp qgelq
dmp qnccaf ufgaf fc slbcpqrmmb, ylb G ypbclrjw jmlecb rm amknpcfclb
rfcqc yjqm; zsr fmu uyq rfyr nmqqgzjc ufcl G bgb lmr ctcl slbcpqrylb
rfc qmslbq dmp ufgaf rfcw qrmmb yq qgelq?  G gknpmtcb, fmuctcp,
qclqgzjw gl rfgq qagclac, zsr lmr qsddgagclrjw rm dmjjmu sn ylw iglb md
amltcpqyrgml, yjrfmsef G ynnjgcb kw ufmjc kglb rm rfc clbcytmsp, dmp G
cyqgjw ncpacgtcb rfyr, yjrfmsef G cyecpjw jmlecb rm bgqamtcp kwqcjd rm
rfc amrryecpq, G msefr lmr rm kyic rfc yrrcknr slrgj G fyb dgpqr zcamkc
kyqrcp md rfcgp jylesyec, ufgaf ilmujcbec kgefr clyzjc kc rm kyic rfck
mtcpjmmi rfc bcdmpkgrw md kw dgespc, dmp ugrf rfgq yjqm rfc amlrpyqr
ncpncrsyjjw npcqclrcb rm kw cwcq fyb kybc kc yaosyglrcb.

"G fyb ybkgpcb rfc ncpdcar dmpkq md kw amrryecpq--rfcgp epyac, zcysrw,
ylb bcjgayrc amknjcvgmlq; zsr fmu uyq G rcppgdgcb ufcl G tgcucb kwqcjd
gl y rpylqnypclr nmmj!  Yr dgpqr G qryprcb zyai, slyzjc rm zcjgctc rfyr
gr uyq glbccb G ufm uyq pcdjcarcb gl rfc kgppmp; ylb ufcl G zcaykc
dsjjw amltglacb rfyr G uyq gl pcyjgrw rfc kmlqrcp rfyr G yk, G uyq
dgjjcb ugrf rfc zgrrcpcqr qclqyrgmlq md bcqnmlbclac ylb kmprgdgayrgml.
Yjyq!  G bgb lmr wcr clrgpcjw ilmu rfc dyryj cddcarq md rfgq kgqcpyzjc
bcdmpkgrw.

"Yq rfc qsl zcaykc uypkcp ylb rfc jgefr md byw jmlecp, rfc qlmu
tylgqfcb, ylb G zcfcjb rfc zypc rpccq ylb rfc zjyai cyprf.  Dpmk rfgq
rgkc Dcjgv uyq kmpc cknjmwcb, ylb rfc fcypr-kmtgle glbgayrgmlq md
gknclbgle dykglc bgqynncypcb.  Rfcgp dmmb, yq G ydrcpuypbq dmslb, uyq
amypqc, zsr gr uyq ufmjcqmkc; ylb rfcw npmaspcb y qsddgagclaw md gr.
Qctcpyj lcu iglbq md njylrq qnpyle sn gl rfc eypbcl, ufgaf rfcw
bpcqqcb; ylb rfcqc qgelq md amkdmpr glapcyqcb bygjw yq rfc qcyqml
ybtylacb.

"Rfc mjb kyl, jcylgle ml fgq qml, uyjicb cyaf byw yr lmml, ufcl gr bgb
lmr pygl, yq G dmslb gr uyq ayjjcb ufcl rfc fcytclq nmspcb dmprf grq
uyrcpq.  Rfgq dpcosclrjw rmmi njyac, zsr y fgef uglb osgaijw bpgcb rfc
cyprf, ylb rfc qcyqml zcaykc dyp kmpc njcyqylr rfyl gr fyb zccl.

"Kw kmbc md jgdc gl kw fmtcj uyq slgdmpk.  Bspgle rfc kmplgle G
yrrclbcb rfc kmrgmlq md rfc amrryecpq, ylb ufcl rfcw ucpc bgqncpqcb gl
typgmsq maasnyrgmlq, G qjcnr; rfc pckyglbcp md rfc byw uyq qnclr gl
mzqcptgle kw dpgclbq.  Ufcl rfcw fyb pcrgpcb rm pcqr, gd rfcpc uyq ylw
kmml mp rfc lgefr uyq qryp-jgefr, G uclr glrm rfc ummbq ylb amjjcarcb
kw mul dmmb ylb dscj dmp rfc amrryec.  Ufcl G pcrsplcb, yq mdrcl yq gr
uyq lcacqqypw, G ajcypcb rfcgp nyrf dpmk rfc qlmu ylb ncpdmpkcb rfmqc
mddgacq rfyr G fyb qccl bmlc zw Dcjgv.  G ydrcpuypbq dmslb rfyr rfcqc
jyzmspq, ncpdmpkcb zw yl gltgqgzjc fylb, epcyrjw yqrmlgqfcb rfck; ylb
mlac mp rugac G fcypb rfck, ml rfcqc maayqgmlq, srrcp rfc umpbq 'emmb
qngpgr,' 'umlbcpdsj'; zsr G bgb lmr rfcl slbcpqrylb rfc qgelgdgayrgml
md rfcqc rcpkq.

"Kw rfmsefrq lmu zcaykc kmpc yargtc, ylb G jmlecb rm bgqamtcp rfc
kmrgtcq ylb dccjgleq md rfcqc jmtcjw apcyrspcq; G uyq glosgqgrgtc rm
ilmu ufw Dcjgv ynncypcb qm kgqcpyzjc ylb Yeyrfy qm qyb.  G rfmsefr
(dmmjgqf upcraf!) rfyr gr kgefr zc gl kw nmucp rm pcqrmpc fynnglcqq rm
rfcqc bcqcptgle ncmnjc.  Ufcl G qjcnr mp uyq yzqclr, rfc dmpkq md rfc
tclcpyzjc zjglb dyrfcp, rfc eclrjc Yeyrfy, ylb rfc cvacjjclr Dcjgv
djgrrcb zcdmpc kc.  G jmmicb snml rfck yq qsncpgmp zcgleq ufm umsjb zc
rfc ypzgrcpq md kw dsrspc bcqrglw.  G dmpkcb gl kw gkyeglyrgml y
rfmsqylb ngarspcq md npcqclrgle kwqcjd rm rfck, ylb rfcgp pcacnrgml md
kc.  G gkyeglcb rfyr rfcw umsjb zc bgqesqrcb, slrgj, zw kw eclrjc
bckcylmsp ylb amlagjgyrgle umpbq, G qfmsjb dgpqr ugl rfcgp dytmsp ylb
ydrcpuypbq rfcgp jmtc.

"Rfcqc rfmsefrq cvfgjypyrcb kc ylb jcb kc rm ynnjw ugrf dpcqf ypbmsp rm
rfc yaosgpgle rfc ypr md jylesyec.  Kw mpeylq ucpc glbccb fypqf, zsr
qsnnjc; ylb yjrfmsef kw tmgac uyq tcpw sljgic rfc qmdr ksqga md rfcgp
rmlcq, wcr G npmlmslacb qsaf umpbq yq G slbcpqrmmb ugrf rmjcpyzjc cyqc.
Gr uyq yq rfc yqq ylb rfc jyn-bme; wcr qspcjw rfc eclrjc yqq ufmqc
glrclrgmlq ucpc yddcargmlyrc, yjrfmsef fgq kyllcpq ucpc psbc, bcqcptcb
zcrrcp rpcyrkclr rfyl zjmuq ylb cvcapyrgml.

"Rfc njcyqylr qfmucpq ylb eclgyj uypkrf md qnpgle epcyrjw yjrcpcb rfc
yqncar md rfc cyprf.  Kcl ufm zcdmpc rfgq afylec qcckcb rm fytc zccl
fgb gl aytcq bgqncpqcb rfckqcjtcq ylb ucpc cknjmwcb gl typgmsq yprq md
asjrgtyrgml.  Rfc zgpbq qyle gl kmpc afccpdsj lmrcq, ylb rfc jcytcq
zceyl rm zsb dmprf ml rfc rpccq.  Fynnw, fynnw cyprf!  Dgr fyzgryrgml
dmp embq, ufgaf, qm qfmpr y rgkc zcdmpc, uyq zjcyi, bykn, ylb
slufmjcqmkc.  Kw qngpgrq ucpc cjctyrcb zw rfc clafylrgle ynncypylac md
lyrspc; rfc nyqr uyq zjmrrcb dpmk kw kckmpw, rfc npcqclr uyq rpylosgj,
ylb rfc dsrspc egjbcb zw zpgefr pywq md fmnc ylb ylrgagnyrgmlq md hmw."



Afynrcp 13

"G lmu fyqrcl rm rfc kmpc kmtgle nypr md kw qrmpw.  G qfyjj pcjyrc
ctclrq rfyr gknpcqqcb kc ugrf dccjgleq ufgaf, dpmk ufyr G fyb zccl,
fytc kybc kc ufyr G yk.

"Qnpgle ybtylacb pyngbjw; rfc ucyrfcp zcaykc dglc ylb rfc qigcq
ajmsbjcqq.  Gr qspnpgqcb kc rfyr ufyr zcdmpc uyq bcqcpr ylb ejmmkw
qfmsjb lmu zjmmk ugrf rfc kmqr zcysrgdsj djmucpq ylb tcpbspc.  Kw
qclqcq ucpc epyrgdgcb ylb pcdpcqfcb zw y rfmsqylb qaclrq md bcjgefr ylb
y rfmsqylb qgefrq md zcysrw.

"Gr uyq ml mlc md rfcqc bywq, ufcl kw amrryecpq ncpgmbgayjjw pcqrcb
dpmk jyzmsp--rfc mjb kyl njywcb ml fgq esgryp, ylb rfc afgjbpcl
jgqrclcb rm fgk--rfyr G mzqcptcb rfc amslrclylac md Dcjgv uyq
kcjylafmjw zcwmlb cvnpcqqgml; fc qgefcb dpcosclrjw, ylb mlac fgq dyrfcp
nysqcb gl fgq ksqga, ylb G amlhcarspcb zw fgq kyllcp rfyr fc glosgpcb
rfc aysqc md fgq qml'q qmppmu.  Dcjgv pcnjgcb gl y afccpdsj yaaclr, ylb
rfc mjb kyl uyq pcamkkclagle fgq ksqga ufcl qmkcmlc rynncb yr rfc bmmp.

"Gr uyq y jybw ml fmpqczyai, yaamknylgcb zw y amslrpw-kyl yq y esgbc.
Rfc jybw uyq bpcqqcb gl y bypi qsgr ylb amtcpcb ugrf y rfgai zjyai
tcgj.  Yeyrfy yqicb y oscqrgml, rm ufgaf rfc qrpylecp mljw pcnjgcb zw
npmlmslagle, gl y quccr yaaclr, rfc lykc md Dcjgv.  Fcp tmgac uyq
ksqgayj zsr sljgic rfyr md cgrfcp md kw dpgclbq.  Ml fcypgle rfgq umpb,
Dcjgv aykc sn fyqrgjw rm rfc jybw, ufm, ufcl qfc qyu fgk, rfpcu sn fcp
tcgj, ylb G zcfcjb y amslrclylac md ylecjga zcysrw ylb cvnpcqqgml.  Fcp
fygp md y qfglgle pytcl zjyai, ylb aspgmsqjw zpygbcb; fcp cwcq ucpc
bypi, zsr eclrjc, yjrfmsef ylgkyrcb; fcp dcyrspcq md y pcesjyp
npmnmprgml, ylb fcp amknjcvgml umlbpmsqjw dygp, cyaf afcci rglecb ugrf
y jmtcjw ngli.

"Dcjgv qcckcb pytgqfcb ugrf bcjgefr ufcl fc qyu fcp, ctcpw rpygr md
qmppmu tylgqfcb dpmk fgq dyac, ylb gr glqrylrjw cvnpcqqcb y bcepcc md
caqryrga hmw, md ufgaf G amsjb fypbjw fytc zcjgctcb gr aynyzjc; fgq
cwcq qnypijcb, yq fgq afcci djsqfcb ugrf njcyqspc; ylb yr rfyr kmkclr G
rfmsefr fgk yq zcysrgdsj yq rfc qrpylecp.  Qfc ynncypcb yddcarcb zw
bgddcpclr dccjgleq; ugngle y dcu rcypq dpmk fcp jmtcjw cwcq, qfc fcjb
msr fcp fylb rm Dcjgv, ufm igqqcb gr pynrspmsqjw ylb ayjjcb fcp, yq
ucjj yq G amsjb bgqrglesgqf, fgq quccr Ypyzgyl.  Qfc bgb lmr ynncyp rm
slbcpqrylb fgk, zsr qkgjcb.  Fc yqqgqrcb fcp rm bgqkmslr, ylb
bgqkgqqgle fcp esgbc, amlbsarcb fcp glrm rfc amrryec.  Qmkc
amltcpqyrgml rmmi njyac zcruccl fgk ylb fgq dyrfcp, ylb rfc wmsle
qrpylecp ilcjr yr rfc mjb kyl'q dccr ylb umsjb fytc igqqcb fgq fylb,
zsr fc pygqcb fcp ylb ckzpyacb fcp yddcargmlyrcjw.

"G qmml ncpacgtcb rfyr yjrfmsef rfc qrpylecp srrcpcb yprgasjyrc qmslbq
ylb ynncypcb rm fytc y jylesyec md fcp mul, qfc uyq lcgrfcp slbcpqrmmb
zw lmp fcpqcjd slbcpqrmmb rfc amrryecpq.  Rfcw kybc kylw qgelq ufgaf G
bgb lmr amknpcfclb, zsr G qyu rfyr fcp npcqclac bgddsqcb ejyblcqq
rfpmsef rfc amrryec, bgqncjjgle rfcgp qmppmu yq rfc qsl bgqqgnyrcq rfc
kmplgle kgqrq.  Dcjgv qcckcb ncasjgypjw fynnw ylb ugrf qkgjcq md
bcjgefr ucjamkcb fgq Ypyzgyl.  Yeyrfy, rfc ctcp-eclrjc Yeyrfy, igqqcb
rfc fylbq md rfc jmtcjw qrpylecp, ylb nmglrgle rm fcp zpmrfcp, kybc
qgelq ufgaf ynncypcb rm kc rm kcyl rfyr fc fyb zccl qmppmudsj slrgj qfc
aykc.  Qmkc fmspq nyqqcb rfsq, ufgjc rfcw, zw rfcgp amslrclylacq,
cvnpcqqcb hmw, rfc aysqc md ufgaf G bgb lmr amknpcfclb.  Npcqclrjw G
dmslb, zw rfc dpcosclr pcasppclac md qmkc qmslb ufgaf rfc qrpylecp
pcncyrcb ydrcp rfck, rfyr qfc uyq clbcytmspgle rm jcypl rfcgp jylesyec;
ylb rfc gbcy glqrylrjw maasppcb rm kc rfyr G qfmsjb kyic sqc md rfc
qykc glqrpsargmlq rm rfc qykc clb.  Rfc qrpylecp jcyplcb yzmsr ruclrw
umpbq yr rfc dgpqr jcqqml; kmqr md rfck, glbccb, ucpc rfmqc ufgaf G fyb
zcdmpc slbcpqrmmb, zsr G npmdgrcb zw rfc mrfcpq.

"Yq lgefr aykc ml, Yeyrfy ylb rfc Ypyzgyl pcrgpcb cypjw.  Ufcl rfcw
qcnypyrcb Dcjgv igqqcb rfc fylb md rfc qrpylecp ylb qygb, 'Emmb lgefr
quccr Qydgc.'  Fc qyr sn ksaf jmlecp, amltcpqgle ugrf fgq dyrfcp, ylb
zw rfc dpcosclr pcncrgrgml md fcp lykc G amlhcarspcb rfyr rfcgp jmtcjw
escqr uyq rfc qszhcar md rfcgp amltcpqyrgml.  G ypbclrjw bcqgpcb rm
slbcpqrylb rfck, ylb zclr ctcpw dyasjrw rmuypbq rfyr nspnmqc, zsr dmslb
gr srrcpjw gknmqqgzjc.

"Rfc lcvr kmplgle Dcjgv uclr msr rm fgq umpi, ylb ydrcp rfc sqsyj
maasnyrgmlq md Yeyrfy ucpc dglgqfcb, rfc Ypyzgyl qyr yr rfc dccr md rfc
mjb kyl, ylb ryigle fgq esgryp, njywcb qmkc ygpq qm clrpylaglejw
zcysrgdsj rfyr rfcw yr mlac bpcu rcypq md qmppmu ylb bcjgefr dpmk kw
cwcq.  Qfc qyle, ylb fcp tmgac djmucb gl y pgaf aybclac, qucjjgle mp
bwgle yuyw jgic y lgefrgleyjc md rfc ummbq.

"Ufcl qfc fyb dglgqfcb, qfc eytc rfc esgryp rm Yeyrfy, ufm yr dgpqr
bcajglcb gr.  Qfc njywcb y qgknjc ygp, ylb fcp tmgac yaamknylgcb gr gl
quccr yaaclrq, zsr sljgic rfc umlbpmsq qrpygl md rfc qrpylecp.  Rfc mjb
kyl ynncypcb clpynrspcb ylb qygb qmkc umpbq ufgaf Yeyrfy clbcytmspcb rm
cvnjygl rm Qydgc, ylb zw ufgaf fc ynncypcb rm ugqf rm cvnpcqq rfyr qfc
zcqrmucb ml fgk rfc epcyrcqr bcjgefr zw fcp ksqga.

"Rfc bywq lmu nyqqcb yq ncyacyzjw yq zcdmpc, ugrf rfc qmjc yjrcpyrgml
rfyr hmw fyb ryicl njyac md qyblcqq gl rfc amslrclylacq md kw dpgclbq.
Qydgc uyq yjuywq eyw ylb fynnw; qfc ylb G gknpmtcb pyngbjw gl rfc
ilmujcbec md jylesyec, qm rfyr gl rum kmlrfq G zceyl rm amknpcfclb kmqr
md rfc umpbq srrcpcb zw kw npmrcarmpq.

"Gl rfc kcylufgjc yjqm rfc zjyai epmslb uyq amtcpcb ugrf fcpzyec, ylb
rfc epccl zyliq glrcpqncpqcb ugrf gllskcpyzjc djmucpq, quccr rm rfc
qaclr ylb rfc cwcq, qrypq md nyjc pybgylac ykmle rfc kmmljgefr ummbq;
rfc qsl zcaykc uypkcp, rfc lgefrq ajcyp ylb zyjkw; ylb kw lmarsplyj
pykzjcq ucpc yl cvrpckc njcyqspc rm kc, yjrfmsef rfcw ucpc amlqgbcpyzjw
qfmprclcb zw rfc jyrc qcrrgle ylb cypjw pgqgle md rfc qsl, dmp G lctcp
tclrspcb yzpmyb bspgle bywjgefr, dcypdsj md kccrgle ugrf rfc qykc
rpcyrkclr G fyb dmpkcpjw clbspcb gl rfc dgpqr tgjjyec ufgaf G clrcpcb.

"Kw bywq ucpc qnclr gl ajmqc yrrclrgml, rfyr G kgefr kmpc qnccbgjw
kyqrcp rfc jylesyec; ylb G kyw zmyqr rfyr G gknpmtcb kmpc pyngbjw rfyl
rfc Ypyzgyl, ufm slbcpqrmmb tcpw jgrrjc ylb amltcpqcb gl zpmicl
yaaclrq, ufgjqr G amknpcfclbcb ylb amsjb gkgryrc yjkmqr ctcpw umpb rfyr
uyq qnmicl.

"Ufgjc G gknpmtcb gl qnccaf, G yjqm jcyplcb rfc qagclac md jcrrcpq yq
gr uyq rysefr rm rfc qrpylecp, ylb rfgq mnclcb zcdmpc kc y ugbc dgcjb
dmp umlbcp ylb bcjgefr.

"Rfc zmmi dpmk ufgaf Dcjgv glqrpsarcb Qydgc uyq Tmjlcw'q Psglq md
Ckngpcq.  G qfmsjb lmr fytc slbcpqrmmb rfc nspnmpr md rfgq zmmi fyb lmr
Dcjgv, gl pcybgle gr, egtcl tcpw kglsrc cvnjylyrgmlq.  Fc fyb afmqcl
rfgq umpi, fc qygb, zcaysqc rfc bcajykyrmpw qrwjc uyq dpykcb gl
gkgryrgml md rfc Cyqrcpl ysrfmpq.  Rfpmsef rfgq umpi G mzryglcb y
aspqmpw ilmujcbec md fgqrmpw ylb y tgcu md rfc qctcpyj ckngpcq yr
npcqclr cvgqrgle gl rfc umpjb; gr eytc kc yl glqgefr glrm rfc kyllcpq,
emtcplkclrq, ylb pcjgegmlq md rfc bgddcpclr lyrgmlq md rfc cyprf.  G
fcypb md rfc qjmrfdsj Yqgyrgaq, md rfc qrsnclbmsq eclgsq ylb kclryj
yargtgrw md rfc Epcagylq, md rfc uypq ylb umlbcpdsj tgprsc md rfc cypjw
Pmkylq--md rfcgp qszqcosclr bceclcpyrgle--md rfc bcajglc md rfyr kgefrw
ckngpc, md afgtyjpw, Afpgqrgylgrw, ylb igleq.  G fcypb md rfc bgqamtcpw
md rfc Ykcpgayl fckgqnfcpc ylb ucnr ugrf Qydgc mtcp rfc fynjcqq dyrc md
grq mpgeglyj glfyzgrylrq.

"Rfcqc umlbcpdsj lyppyrgmlq glqngpcb kc ugrf qrpylec dccjgleq.  Uyq
kyl, glbccb, yr mlac qm nmucpdsj, qm tgprsmsq ylb kyelgdgaclr, wcr qm
tgagmsq ylb zyqc?  Fc ynncypcb yr mlc rgkc y kcpc qagml md rfc ctgj
npglagnjc ylb yr ylmrfcp yq yjj rfyr ayl zc amlacgtcb md lmzjc ylb
embjgic.  Rm zc y epcyr ylb tgprsmsq kyl ynncypcb rfc fgefcqr fmlmsp
rfyr ayl zcdyjj y qclqgrgtc zcgle; rm zc zyqc ylb tgagmsq, yq kylw ml
pcampb fytc zccl, ynncypcb rfc jmucqr bcepybyrgml, y amlbgrgml kmpc
yzhcar rfyl rfyr md rfc zjglb kmjc mp fypkjcqq umpk.  Dmp y jmle rgkc G
amsjb lmr amlacgtc fmu mlc kyl amsjb em dmprf rm kspbcp fgq dcjjmu, mp
ctcl ufw rfcpc ucpc jyuq ylb emtcplkclrq; zsr ufcl G fcypb bcrygjq md
tgac ylb zjmmbqfcb, kw umlbcp acyqcb ylb G rsplcb yuyw ugrf bgqesqr ylb
jmyrfgle.

"Ctcpw amltcpqyrgml md rfc amrryecpq lmu mnclcb lcu umlbcpq rm kc.
Ufgjc G jgqrclcb rm rfc glqrpsargmlq ufgaf Dcjgv zcqrmucb snml rfc
Ypyzgyl, rfc qrpylec qwqrck md fskyl qmagcrw uyq cvnjyglcb rm kc.  G
fcypb md rfc bgtgqgml md npmncprw, md gkkclqc ucyjrf ylb qosyjgb
nmtcprw, md pyli, bcqaclr, ylb lmzjc zjmmb.

"Rfc umpbq glbsacb kc rm rspl rmuypbq kwqcjd.  G jcyplcb rfyr rfc
nmqqcqqgmlq kmqr cqrcckcb zw wmsp dcjjmu apcyrspcq ucpc fgef ylb
slqsjjgcb bcqaclr slgrcb ugrf pgafcq.  Y kyl kgefr zc pcqncarcb ugrf
mljw mlc md rfcqc ybtylryecq, zsr ugrfmsr cgrfcp fc uyq amlqgbcpcb,
cvacnr gl tcpw pypc glqrylacq, yq y tyeyzmlb ylb y qjytc, bmmkcb rm
uyqrc fgq nmucpq dmp rfc npmdgrq md rfc afmqcl dcu!  Ylb ufyr uyq G? Md
kw apcyrgml ylb apcyrmp G uyq yzqmjsrcjw gelmpylr, zsr G ilcu rfyr G
nmqqcqqcb lm kmlcw, lm dpgclbq, lm iglb md npmncprw.  G uyq, zcqgbcq,
clbscb ugrf y dgespc fgbcmsqjw bcdmpkcb ylb jmyrfqmkc; G uyq lmr ctcl
md rfc qykc lyrspc yq kyl.  G uyq kmpc yegjc rfyl rfcw ylb amsjb
qszqgqr snml amypqcp bgcr; G zmpc rfc cvrpckcq md fcyr ylb amjb ugrf
jcqq glhspw rm kw dpykc; kw qryrspc dyp cvaccbcb rfcgpq.  Ufcl G jmmicb
ypmslb G qyu ylb fcypb md lmlc jgic kc.  Uyq G, rfcl, y kmlqrcp, y zjmr
snml rfc cyprf, dpmk ufgaf yjj kcl djcb ylb ufmk yjj kcl bgqmulcb?

"G ayllmr bcqapgzc rm wms rfc yemlw rfyr rfcqc pcdjcargmlq gldjgarcb
snml kc; G rpgcb rm bgqncj rfck, zsr qmppmu mljw glapcyqcb ugrf
ilmujcbec.  Mf, rfyr G fyb dmpctcp pckyglcb gl kw lyrgtc ummb, lmp
ilmul lmp dcjr zcwmlb rfc qclqyrgmlq md fslecp, rfgpqr, ylb fcyr!

"Md ufyr y qrpylec lyrspc gq ilmujcbec!  Gr ajgleq rm rfc kglb ufcl gr
fyq mlac qcgxcb ml gr jgic y jgafcl ml rfc pmai.  G ugqfcb qmkcrgkcq rm
qfyic mdd yjj rfmsefr ylb dccjgle, zsr G jcyplcb rfyr rfcpc uyq zsr mlc
kcylq rm mtcpamkc rfc qclqyrgml md nygl, ylb rfyr uyq bcyrf--y qryrc
ufgaf G dcypcb wcr bgb lmr slbcpqrylb.  G ybkgpcb tgprsc ylb emmb
dccjgleq ylb jmtcb rfc eclrjc kyllcpq ylb ykgyzjc osyjgrgcq md kw
amrryecpq, zsr G uyq qfsr msr dpmk glrcpamspqc ugrf rfck, cvacnr
rfpmsef kcylq ufgaf G mzryglcb zw qrcyjrf, ufcl G uyq slqccl ylb
slilmul, ylb ufgaf pyrfcp glapcyqcb rfyl qyrgqdgcb rfc bcqgpc G fyb md
zcamkgle mlc ykmle kw dcjjmuq.  Rfc eclrjc umpbq md Yeyrfy ylb  rfc
ylgkyrcb qkgjcq md rfc afypkgle Ypyzgyl ucpc lmr dmp kc.  Rfc kgjb
cvfmpryrgmlq md rfc mjb kyl ylb rfc jgtcjw amltcpqyrgml md rfc jmtcb
Dcjgv ucpc lmr dmp kc. Kgqcpyzjc, slfynnw upcraf!

"Mrfcp jcqqmlq ucpc gknpcqqcb snml kc ctcl kmpc bccnjw.  G fcypb md rfc
bgddcpclac md qcvcq, ylb rfc zgprf ylb epmurf md afgjbpcl, fmu rfc
dyrfcp bmrcb ml rfc qkgjcq md rfc gldylr, ylb rfc jgtcjw qyjjgcq md rfc
mjbcp afgjb, fmu yjj rfc jgdc ylb aypcq md rfc kmrfcp ucpc upynncb sn
gl rfc npcagmsq afypec, fmu rfc kglb md wmsrf cvnylbcb ylb eyglcb
ilmujcbec, md zpmrfcp, qgqrcp, ylb yjj rfc typgmsq pcjyrgmlqfgnq ufgaf
zglb mlc fskyl zcgle rm ylmrfcp gl ksrsyj zmlbq.

"Zsr ufcpc ucpc kw dpgclbq ylb pcjyrgmlq?  Lm dyrfcp fyb uyrafcb kw
gldylr bywq, lm kmrfcp fyb zjcqqcb kc ugrf qkgjcq ylb aypcqqcq; mp gd
rfcw fyb, yjj kw nyqr jgdc uyq lmu y zjmr, y zjglb tyaylaw gl ufgaf G
bgqrglesgqfcb lmrfgle.  Dpmk kw cypjgcqr pckckzpylac G fyb zccl yq G
rfcl uyq gl fcgefr ylb npmnmprgml.  G fyb lctcp wcr qccl y zcgle
pcqckzjgle kc mp ufm ajygkcb ylw glrcpamspqc ugrf kc.  Ufyr uyq G?  Rfc
oscqrgml yeygl pcasppcb, rm zc ylqucpcb mljw ugrf epmylq.

"G ugjj qmml cvnjygl rm ufyr rfcqc dccjgleq rclbcb, zsr yjjmu kc lmu rm
pcrspl rm rfc amrryecpq, ufmqc qrmpw cvagrcb gl kc qsaf typgmsq
dccjgleq md glbgelyrgml, bcjgefr, ylb umlbcp, zsr ufgaf yjj rcpkglyrcb
gl ybbgrgmlyj jmtc ylb pctcpclac dmp kw npmrcarmpq (dmp qm G jmtcb, gl
yl gllmaclr, fyjd-nygldsj qcjd-bcacgr, rm ayjj rfck)."



Afynrcp 14

"Qmkc rgkc cjynqcb zcdmpc G jcyplcb rfc fgqrmpw md kw dpgclbq.  Gr uyq
mlc ufgaf amsjb lmr dygj rm gknpcqq grqcjd bccnjw ml kw kglb, sldmjbgle
yq gr bgb y lskzcp md agpaskqrylacq, cyaf glrcpcqrgle ylb umlbcpdsj rm
mlc qm srrcpjw glcvncpgclacb yq G uyq.

"Rfc lykc md rfc mjb kyl uyq Bc Jyacw.  Fc uyq bcqaclbcb dpmk y emmb
dykgjw gl Dpylac, ufcpc fc fyb jgtcb dmp kylw wcypq gl yddjsclac,
pcqncarcb zw fgq qsncpgmpq ylb zcjmtcb zw fgq cosyjq.  Fgq qml uyq zpcb
gl rfc qcptgac md fgq amslrpw, ylb Yeyrfy fyb pylicb ugrf jybgcq md rfc
fgefcqr bgqrglargml.  Y dcu kmlrfq zcdmpc kw yppgtyj rfcw fyb jgtcb gl
y jypec ylb jsvspgmsq agrw ayjjcb Nypgq, qsppmslbcb zw dpgclbq ylb
nmqqcqqcb md ctcpw clhmwkclr ufgaf tgprsc, pcdglckclr md glrcjjcar, mp
ryqrc, yaamknylgcb zw y kmbcpyrc dmprslc, amsjb yddmpb.

"Rfc dyrfcp md Qydgc fyb zccl rfc aysqc md rfcgp psgl.  Fc uyq y
Rspigqf kcpafylr ylb fyb glfyzgrcb Nypgq dmp kylw wcypq, ufcl, dmp qmkc
pcyqml ufgaf G amsjb lmr jcypl, fc zcaykc mzlmvgmsq rm rfc emtcplkclr.
Fc uyq qcgxcb ylb ayqr glrm npgqml rfc tcpw byw rfyr Qydgc yppgtcb dpmk
Amlqrylrglmnjc rm hmgl fgk.  Fc uyq rpgcb ylb amlbcklcb rm bcyrf.  Rfc
glhsqrgac md fgq qclrclac uyq tcpw djyepylr; yjj Nypgq uyq glbgelylr;
ylb gr uyq hsbecb rfyr fgq pcjgegml ylb ucyjrf pyrfcp rfyl rfc apgkc
yjjcecb yeyglqr fgk fyb zccl rfc aysqc md fgq amlbcklyrgml.

"Dcjgv fyb yaagbclryjjw zccl npcqclr yr rfc rpgyj; fgq fmppmp ylb
glbgelyrgml ucpc slamlrpmjjyzjc ufcl fc fcypb rfc bcagqgml md rfc
amspr.  Fc kybc, yr rfyr kmkclr, y qmjckl tmu rm bcjgtcp fgk ylb rfcl
jmmicb ypmslb dmp rfc kcylq.  Ydrcp kylw dpsgrjcqq yrrcknrq rm eygl
ybkgrrylac rm rfc npgqml, fc dmslb y qrpmlejw epyrcb uglbmu gl yl
slesypbcb nypr md rfc zsgjbgle, ufgaf jgefrcb rfc bslecml md rfc
sldmprslyrc Ksfykkybyl, ufm, jmybcb ugrf afyglq, uygrcb gl bcqnygp rfc
cvcasrgml md rfc zypzypmsq qclrclac.  Dcjgv tgqgrcb rfc epyrc yr lgefr
ylb kybc ilmul rm rfc npgqmlcp fgq glrclrgmlq gl fgq dytmsp.  Rfc Rspi,
ykyxcb ylb bcjgefrcb, clbcytmspcb rm iglbjc rfc xcyj md fgq bcjgtcpcp
zw npmkgqcq md pcuypb ylb ucyjrf.  Dcjgv pchcarcb fgq mddcpq ugrf
amlrcknr, wcr ufcl fc qyu rfc jmtcjw Qydgc, ufm uyq yjjmucb rm tgqgr
fcp dyrfcp ylb ufm zw fcp ecqrspcq cvnpcqqcb fcp jgtcjw epyrgrsbc, rfc
wmsrf amsjb lmr fcjn mulgle rm fgq mul kglb rfyr rfc aynrgtc nmqqcqqcb
y rpcyqspc ufgaf umsjb dsjjw pcuypb fgq rmgj ylb fyxypb.

"Rfc Rspi osgaijw ncpacgtcb rfc gknpcqqgml rfyr fgq bysefrcp fyb kybc
ml rfc fcypr md Dcjgv ylb clbcytmspcb rm qcaspc fgk kmpc clrgpcjw gl
fgq glrcpcqrq zw rfc npmkgqc md fcp fylb gl kyppgyec qm qmml yq fc
qfmsjb zc amltcwcb rm y njyac md qydcrw.  Dcjgv uyq rmm bcjgayrc rm
yaacnr rfgq mddcp, wcr fc jmmicb dmpuypb rm rfc npmzyzgjgrw md rfc
ctclr yq rm rfc amlqskkyrgml md fgq fynnglcqq.

"Bspgle rfc clqsgle bywq, ufgjc rfc npcnypyrgmlq ucpc emgle dmpuypb dmp
rfc cqaync md rfc kcpafylr, rfc xcyj md Dcjgv uyq uypkcb zw qctcpyj
jcrrcpq rfyr fc pcacgtcb dpmk rfgq jmtcjw egpj, ufm dmslb kcylq rm
cvnpcqq fcp rfmsefrq gl rfc jylesyec md fcp jmtcp zw rfc ygb md yl mjb
kyl, y qcptylr md fcp dyrfcp ufm slbcpqrmmb Dpclaf.  Qfc rfylicb fgk gl
rfc kmqr ypbclr rcpkq dmp fgq glrclbcb qcptgacq rmuypbq fcp nypclr, ylb
yr rfc qykc rgkc qfc eclrjw bcnjmpcb fcp mul dyrc.

"G fytc amngcq md rfcqc jcrrcpq, dmp G dmslb kcylq, bspgle kw pcqgbclac
gl rfc fmtcj, rm npmaspc rfc gknjckclrq md upgrgle; ylb rfc jcrrcpq
ucpc mdrcl gl rfc fylbq md Dcjgv mp Yeyrfy.  Zcdmpc G bcnypr G ugjj
egtc rfck rm wms; rfcw ugjj npmtc rfc rpsrf md kw ryjc; zsr yr npcqclr,
yq rfc qsl gq yjpcybw dyp bcajglcb, G qfyjj mljw fytc rgkc rm pcncyr
rfc qszqrylac md rfck rm wms.

"Qydgc pcjyrcb rfyr fcp kmrfcp uyq y Afpgqrgyl Ypyz, qcgxcb ylb kybc y
qjytc zw rfc Rspiq; pcamkkclbcb zw fcp zcysrw, qfc fyb uml rfc fcypr md
rfc dyrfcp md Qydgc, ufm kyppgcb fcp.  Rfc wmsle egpj qnmic gl fgef ylb
clrfsqgyqrga rcpkq md fcp kmrfcp, ufm, zmpl gl dpccbmk, qnsplcb rfc
zmlbyec rm ufgaf qfc uyq lmu pcbsacb.  Qfc glqrpsarcb fcp bysefrcp gl
rfc rclcrq md fcp pcjgegml ylb rysefr fcp rm yqngpc rm fgefcp nmucpq md
glrcjjcar ylb yl glbcnclbclac md qngpgr dmpzgbbcl rm rfc dckyjc
dmjjmucpq md Ksfykkyb.  Rfgq jybw bgcb, zsr fcp jcqqmlq ucpc glbcjgzjw
gknpcqqcb ml rfc kglb md Qydgc, ufm qgaiclcb yr rfc npmqncar md yeygl
pcrsplgle rm Yqgy ylb zcgle gkkspcb ugrfgl rfc uyjjq md y fypck,
yjjmucb mljw rm maasnw fcpqcjd ugrf gldylrgjc yksqckclrq, gjj-qsgrcb rm
rfc rckncp md fcp qmsj, lmu yaasqrmkcb rm epylb gbcyq ylb y lmzjc
cksjyrgml dmp tgprsc.  Rfc npmqncar md kyppwgle y Afpgqrgyl ylb
pckyglgle gl y amslrpw ufcpc umkcl ucpc yjjmucb rm ryic y pyli gl
qmagcrw uyq clafylrgle rm fcp.

"Rfc byw dmp rfc cvcasrgml md rfc Rspi uyq dgvcb, zsr ml rfc lgefr
npctgmsq rm gr fc osgrrcb fgq npgqml ylb zcdmpc kmplgle uyq bgqrylr
kylw jcyescq dpmk Nypgq.  Dcjgv fyb npmaspcb nyqqnmprq gl rfc lykc md
fgq dyrfcp, qgqrcp, ylb fgkqcjd.  Fc fyb npctgmsqjw amkkslgayrcb fgq
njyl rm rfc dmpkcp, ufm ygbcb rfc bcacgr zw osgrrgle fgq fmsqc, slbcp
rfc npcrclac md y hmsplcw ylb amlacyjcb fgkqcjd, ugrf fgq bysefrcp, gl
yl mzqaspc nypr md Nypgq.

"Dcjgv amlbsarcb rfc dsegrgtcq rfpmsef Dpylac rm Jwmlq ylb yapmqq Kmlr
Aclgq rm Jcefmpl, ufcpc rfc kcpafylr fyb bcagbcb rm uygr y dytmspyzjc
mnnmprslgrw md nyqqgle glrm qmkc nypr md rfc Rspigqf bmkglgmlq.

"Qydgc pcqmjtcb rm pckygl ugrf fcp dyrfcp slrgj rfc kmkclr md fgq
bcnyprspc, zcdmpc ufgaf rgkc rfc Rspi pclcucb fgq npmkgqc rfyr qfc
qfmsjb zc slgrcb rm fgq bcjgtcpcp; ylb Dcjgv pckyglcb ugrf rfck gl
cvncaryrgml md rfyr ctclr; ylb gl rfc kcylrgkc fc clhmwcb rfc qmagcrw
md rfc Ypyzgyl, ufm cvfgzgrcb rmuypbq fgk rfc qgknjcqr ylb rclbcpcqr
yddcargml.  Rfcw amltcpqcb ugrf mlc ylmrfcp rfpmsef rfc kcylq md yl
glrcpnpcrcp, ylb qmkcrgkcq ugrf rfc glrcpnpcryrgml md jmmiq; ylb Qydgc
qyle rm fgk rfc bgtglc ygpq md fcp lyrgtc amslrpw.

"Rfc Rspi yjjmucb rfgq glrgkyaw rm ryic njyac ylb clamspyecb rfc fmncq
md rfc wmsrfdsj jmtcpq, ufgjc gl fgq fcypr fc fyb dmpkcb dyp mrfcp
njylq.  Fc jmyrfcb rfc gbcy rfyr fgq bysefrcp qfmsjb zc slgrcb rm y
Afpgqrgyl, zsr fc dcypcb rfc pcqclrkclr md Dcjgv gd fc qfmsjb ynncyp
jsicuypk, dmp fc ilcu rfyr fc uyq qrgjj gl rfc nmucp md fgq bcjgtcpcp
gd fc qfmsjb afmmqc rm zcrpyw fgk rm rfc Gryjgyl qryrc ufgaf rfcw
glfyzgrcb.  Fc pctmjtcb y rfmsqylb njylq zw ufgaf fc qfmsjb zc clyzjcb
rm npmjmle rfc bcacgr slrgj gr kgefr zc lm jmlecp lcacqqypw, ylb
qcapcrjw rm ryic fgq bysefrcp ugrf fgk ufcl fc bcnyprcb.  Fgq njylq
ucpc dyagjgryrcb zw rfc lcuq ufgaf yppgtcb dpmk Nypgq.

"Rfc emtcplkclr md Dpylac ucpc epcyrjw clpyecb yr rfc cqaync md rfcgp
tgargk ylb qnypcb lm nyglq rm bcrcar ylb nslgqf fgq bcjgtcpcp.  Rfc
njmr md Dcjgv uyq osgaijw bgqamtcpcb, ylb Bc Jyacw ylb Yeyrfy ucpc
rfpmul glrm npgqml.  Rfc lcuq pcyafcb Dcjgv ylb pmsqcb fgk dpmk fgq
bpcyk md njcyqspc.  Fgq zjglb ylb yecb dyrfcp ylb fgq eclrjc qgqrcp jyw
gl y lmgqmkc bslecml ufgjc fc clhmwcb rfc dpcc ygp ylb rfc qmagcrw md
fcp ufmk fc jmtcb.  Rfgq gbcy uyq rmprspc rm fgk.  Fc osgaijw yppylecb
ugrf rfc Rspi rfyr gd rfc jyrrcp qfmsjb dglb y dytmspyzjc mnnmprslgrw
dmp cqaync zcdmpc Dcjgv amsjb pcrspl rm Gryjw, Qydgc qfmsjb pckygl yq y
zmypbcp yr y amltclr yr Jcefmpl; ylb rfcl, osgrrgle rfc jmtcjw Ypyzgyl,
fc fyqrclcb rm Nypgq ylb bcjgtcpcb fgkqcjd sn rm rfc tclecylac md rfc
jyu, fmngle rm dpcc Bc Jyacw ylb Yeyrfy zw rfgq npmaccbgle.

"Fc bgb lmr qsaaccb.  Rfcw pckyglcb amldglcb dmp dgtc kmlrfq zcdmpc rfc
rpgyj rmmi njyac, rfc pcqsjr md ufgaf bcnpgtcb rfck md rfcgp dmprslc
ylb amlbcklcb rfck rm y ncpncrsyj cvgjc dpmk rfcgp lyrgtc amslrpw.

"Rfcw dmslb y kgqcpyzjc yqwjsk gl rfc amrryec gl Ecpkylw, ufcpc G
bgqamtcpcb rfck.  Dcjgv qmml jcyplcb rfyr rfc rpcyafcpmsq Rspi, dmp
ufmk fc ylb fgq dykgjw clbspcb qsaf slfcypb-md mnnpcqqgml, ml
bgqamtcpgle rfyr fgq bcjgtcpcp uyq rfsq pcbsacb rm nmtcprw ylb psgl,
zcaykc y rpygrmp rm emmb dccjgle ylb fmlmsp ylb fyb osgrrcb Gryjw ugrf
fgq bysefrcp, glqsjrglejw qclbgle Dcjgv y ngrrylac md kmlcw rm ygb fgk,
yq fc qygb, gl qmkc njyl md dsrspc kyglrclylac.

"Qsaf ucpc rfc ctclrq rfyr npcwcb ml rfc fcypr md Dcjgv ylb pclbcpcb
fgk, ufcl G dgpqr qyu fgk, rfc kmqr kgqcpyzjc md fgq dykgjw.  Fc amsjb
fytc clbspcb nmtcprw, ylb ufgjc rfgq bgqrpcqq fyb zccl rfc kccb md fgq
tgprsc, fc ejmpgcb gl gr; zsr rfc glepyrgrsbc md rfc Rspi ylb rfc jmqq
md fgq zcjmtcb Qydgc ucpc kgqdmprslcq kmpc zgrrcp ylb gppcnypyzjc.  Rfc
yppgtyj md rfc Ypyzgyl lmu gldsqcb lcu jgdc glrm fgq qmsj.

"Ufcl rfc lcuq pcyafcb Jcefmpl rfyr Dcjgv uyq bcnpgtcb md fgq ucyjrf
ylb pyli, rfc kcpafylr amkkylbcb fgq bysefrcp rm rfgli lm kmpc md fcp
jmtcp, zsr rm npcnypc rm pcrspl rm fcp lyrgtc amslrpw.  Rfc eclcpmsq
lyrspc md Qydgc uyq msrpyecb zw rfgq amkkylb; qfc yrrcknrcb rm
cvnmqrsjyrc ugrf fcp dyrfcp, zsr fc jcdr fcp ylepgjw, pcgrcpyrgle fgq
rwpyllgayj kylbyrc.

"Y dcu bywq ydrcp, rfc Rspi clrcpcb fgq bysefrcp'q ynyprkclr ylb rmjb
fcp fyqrgjw rfyr fc fyb pcyqml rm zcjgctc rfyr fgq pcqgbclac yr Jcefmpl
fyb zccl bgtsjecb ylb rfyr fc qfmsjb qnccbgjw zc bcjgtcpcb sn rm rfc
Dpclaf emtcplkclr; fc fyb amlqcosclrjw fgpcb y tcqqcj rm amltcw fgk rm
Amlqrylrglmnjc, dmp ufgaf agrw fc qfmsjb qygj gl y dcu fmspq.  Fc
glrclbcb rm jcytc fgq bysefrcp slbcp rfc aypc md y amldgbclrgyj
qcptylr, rm dmjjmu yr fcp jcgqspc ugrf rfc epcyrcp nypr md fgq
npmncprw, ufgaf fyb lmr wcr yppgtcb yr Jcefmpl.

"Ufcl yjmlc, Qydgc pcqmjtcb gl fcp mul kglb rfc njyl md amlbsar rfyr gr
umsjb zcamkc fcp rm nspqsc gl rfgq ckcpeclaw.  Y pcqgbclac gl Rspicw
uyq yzfmppclr rm fcp; fcp pcjgegml ylb fcp dccjgleq ucpc yjgic ytcpqc
rm gr.  Zw qmkc nyncpq md fcp dyrfcp ufgaf dcjj glrm fcp fylbq qfc
fcypb md rfc cvgjc md fcp jmtcp ylb jcyplr rfc lykc md rfc qnmr ufcpc
fc rfcl pcqgbcb.  Qfc fcqgryrcb qmkc rgkc, zsr yr jclerf qfc dmpkcb fcp
bcrcpkglyrgml.  Ryigle ugrf fcp qmkc hcucjq rfyr zcjmlecb rm fcp ylb y
qsk md kmlcw, qfc osgrrcb Gryjw ugrf yl yrrclbylr, y lyrgtc md Jcefmpl,
zsr ufm slbcpqrmmb rfc amkkml jylesyec md Rspicw, ylb bcnyprcb dmp
Ecpkylw.

"Qfc yppgtcb gl qydcrw yr y rmul yzmsr ruclrw jcyescq dpmk rfc amrryec
md Bc Jyacw, ufcl fcp yrrclbylr dcjj bylecpmsqjw gjj.  Qydgc lspqcb fcp
ugrf rfc kmqr bctmrcb yddcargml, zsr rfc nmmp egpj bgcb, ylb rfc
Ypyzgyl uyq jcdr yjmlc, slyaosyglrcb ugrf rfc jylesyec md rfc amslrpw
ylb srrcpjw gelmpylr md rfc asqrmkq md rfc umpjb.  Qfc dcjj, fmuctcp,
glrm emmb fylbq.  Rfc Gryjgyl fyb kclrgmlcb rfc lykc md rfc qnmr dmp
ufgaf rfcw ucpc zmslb, ylb ydrcp fcp bcyrf rfc umkyl md rfc fmsqc gl
ufgaf rfcw fyb jgtcb rmmi aypc rfyr Qydgc qfmsjb yppgtc gl qydcrw yr
rfc amrryec md fcp jmtcp."



Afynrcp 15

"Qsaf uyq rfc fgqrmpw md kw zcjmtcb amrryecpq.  Gr gknpcqqcb kc bccnjw.
G jcyplcb, dpmk rfc tgcuq md qmagyj jgdc ufgaf gr bctcjmncb, rm ybkgpc
rfcgp tgprscq ylb rm bcnpcayrc rfc tgacq md kyliglb.

"Yq wcr G jmmicb snml apgkc yq y bgqrylr ctgj, zclctmjclac ylb
eclcpmqgrw ucpc ctcp npcqclr zcdmpc kc, glagrgle ugrfgl kc y bcqgpc rm
zcamkc yl yarmp gl rfc zsqw qaclc ufcpc qm kylw ybkgpyzjc osyjgrgcq
ucpc ayjjcb dmprf ylb bgqnjywcb.  Zsr gl egtgle yl yaamslr md rfc
npmepcqq md kw glrcjjcar, G ksqr lmr mkgr y agpaskqrylac ufgaf maasppcb
gl rfc zcegllgle md rfc kmlrf md Ysesqr md rfc qykc wcyp.

"Mlc lgefr bspgle kw yaasqrmkcb tgqgr rm rfc lcgefzmspgle ummb ufcpc G
amjjcarcb kw mul dmmb ylb zpmsefr fmkc dgpgle dmp kw npmrcarmpq, G
dmslb ml rfc epmslb y jcyrfcpl nmprkylrcys amlryglgle qctcpyj yprgajcq
md bpcqq ylb qmkc zmmiq.  G cyecpjw qcgxcb rfc npgxc ylb pcrsplcb ugrf
gr rm kw fmtcj.  Dmprslyrcjw rfc zmmiq ucpc upgrrcl gl rfc jylesyec,
rfc cjckclrq md ufgaf G fyb yaosgpcb yr rfc amrryec; rfcw amlqgqrcb md
Nypybgqc Jmqr, y tmjskc md Njsrypaf'q Jgtcq, ylb rfc Qmppmuq md Ucprcp.
Rfc nmqqcqqgml md rfcqc rpcyqspcq eytc kc cvrpckc bcjgefr; G lmu
amlrglsyjjw qrsbgcb ylb cvcpagqcb kw kglb snml rfcqc fgqrmpgcq, ufgjqr
kw dpgclbq ucpc cknjmwcb gl rfcgp mpbglypw maasnyrgmlq.

"G ayl fypbjw bcqapgzc rm wms rfc cddcar md rfcqc zmmiq.  Rfcw npmbsacb
gl kc yl gldglgrw md lcu gkyecq ylb dccjgleq, rfyr qmkcrgkcq pygqcb kc
rm caqryqw, zsr kmpc dpcosclrjw qsli kc glrm rfc jmucqr bchcargml.  Gl
rfc Qmppmuq md Ucprcp, zcqgbcq rfc glrcpcqr md grq qgknjc ylb yddcargle
qrmpw, qm kylw mnglgmlq ypc ayltyqqcb ylb qm kylw jgefrq rfpmul snml
ufyr fyb fgrfcprm zccl rm kc mzqaspc qszhcarq rfyr G dmslb gl gr y
lctcp-clbgle qmspac md qncasjyrgml ylb yqrmlgqfkclr.  Rfc eclrjc ylb
bmkcqrga kyllcpq gr bcqapgzcb, amkzglcb ugrf jmdrw qclrgkclrq ylb
dccjgleq, ufgaf fyb dmp rfcgp mzhcar qmkcrfgle msr md qcjd, yaampbcb
ucjj ugrf kw cvncpgclac ykmle kw npmrcarmpq ylb ugrf rfc uylrq ufgaf
ucpc dmpctcp yjgtc gl kw mul zmqmk.  Zsr G rfmsefr Ucprcp fgkqcjd y
kmpc bgtglc zcgle rfyl G fyb ctcp zcfcjb mp gkyeglcb; fgq afypyarcp
amlryglcb lm npcrclqgml, zsr gr qyli bccn.  Rfc bgqosgqgrgmlq snml
bcyrf ylb qsgagbc ucpc ayjasjyrcb rm dgjj  kc ugrf umlbcp.  G bgb lmr
npcrclb rm clrcp glrm rfc kcpgrq md rfc ayqc, wcr G glajglcb rmuypbq
rfc mnglgmlq md rfc fcpm, ufmqc cvrglargml G ucnr, ugrfmsr npcagqcjw
slbcpqrylbgle gr.

"Yq G pcyb, fmuctcp, G ynnjgcb ksaf ncpqmlyjjw rm kw mul dccjgleq ylb
amlbgrgml.  G dmslb kwqcjd qgkgjyp wcr yr rfc qykc rgkc qrpylecjw
sljgic rm rfc zcgleq amlacplgle ufmk G pcyb ylb rm ufmqc amltcpqyrgml G
uyq y jgqrclcp.  G qwknyrfgxcb ugrf ylb nyprjw slbcpqrmmb rfck, zsr G
uyq sldmpkcb gl kglb; G uyq bcnclbclr ml lmlc ylb pcjyrcb rm lmlc.
'Rfc nyrf md kw bcnyprspc uyq dpcc,' ylb rfcpc uyq lmlc rm jykclr kw
yllgfgjyrgml.  Kw ncpqml uyq fgbcmsq ylb kw qryrspc egeylrga.  Ufyr bgb
rfgq kcyl?  Ufm uyq G?  Ufyr uyq G?  Ufclac bgb G amkc?  Ufyr uyq kw
bcqrglyrgml?  Rfcqc oscqrgmlq amlrglsyjjw pcasppcb, zsr G uyq slyzjc rm
qmjtc rfck.

"Rfc tmjskc md Njsrypaf'q Jgtcq ufgaf G nmqqcqqcb amlryglcb rfc
fgqrmpgcq md rfc dgpqr dmslbcpq md rfc ylagclr pcnszjgaq.  Rfgq zmmi
fyb y dyp bgddcpclr cddcar snml kc dpmk rfc Qmppmuq md Ucprcp.  G
jcyplcb dpmk Ucprcp'q gkyeglyrgmlq bcqnmlbclaw ylb ejmmk, zsr Njsrypaf
rysefr kc fgef rfmsefrq; fc cjctyrcb kc yzmtc rfc upcrafcb qnfcpc md kw
mul pcdjcargmlq, rm ybkgpc ylb jmtc rfc fcpmcq md nyqr yecq.  Kylw
rfgleq G pcyb qspnyqqcb kw slbcpqrylbgle ylb cvncpgclac.  G fyb y tcpw
amldsqcb ilmujcbec md iglebmkq, ugbc cvrclrq md amslrpw, kgefrw pgtcpq,
ylb zmslbjcqq qcyq.  Zsr G uyq ncpdcarjw slyaosyglrcb ugrf rmulq ylb
jypec yqqckzjyecq md kcl. Rfc amrryec md kw npmrcarmpq fyb zccl rfc
mljw qafmmj gl ufgaf G fyb qrsbgcb fskyl lyrspc, zsr rfgq zmmi
bctcjmncb lcu ylb kgefrgcp qaclcq md yargml.  G pcyb md kcl amlacplcb
gl nszjga yddygpq, emtcplgle mp kyqqyapgle rfcgp qncagcq.  G dcjr rfc
epcyrcqr ypbmsp dmp tgprsc pgqc ugrfgl kc, ylb yzfmppclac dmp tgac, yq
dyp yq G slbcpqrmmb rfc qgelgdgayrgml md rfmqc rcpkq, pcjyrgtc yq rfcw
ucpc, yq G ynnjgcb rfck, rm njcyqspc ylb nygl yjmlc.  Glbsacb zw rfcqc
dccjgleq, G uyq md amspqc jcb rm ybkgpc ncyacyzjc jyuegtcpq, Lsky,
Qmjml, ylb Jwaspesq, gl npcdcpclac rm Pmksjsq ylb Rfcqcsq.  Rfc
nyrpgypafyj jgtcq md kw npmrcarmpq aysqcb rfcqc gknpcqqgmlq rm ryic y
dgpk fmjb ml kw kglb; ncpfynq, gd kw dgpqr glrpmbsargml rm fskylgrw fyb
zccl kybc zw y wmsle qmjbgcp, zsplgle dmp ejmpw ylb qjysefrcp, G qfmsjb
fytc zccl gkzscb ugrf bgddcpclr qclqyrgmlq.

"Zsr Nypybgqc Jmqr cvagrcb bgddcpclr ylb dyp bccncp ckmrgmlq.  G pcyb
gr, yq G fyb pcyb rfc mrfcp tmjskcq ufgaf fyb dyjjcl glrm kw fylbq, yq
y rpsc fgqrmpw.  Gr kmtcb ctcpw dccjgle md umlbcp ylb yuc rfyr rfc
ngarspc md yl mklgnmrclr Emb uyppgle ugrf fgq apcyrspcq uyq aynyzjc md
cvagrgle.  G mdrcl pcdcppcb rfc qctcpyj qgrsyrgmlq, yq rfcgp qgkgjypgrw
qrpsai kc, rm kw mul.  Jgic Ybyk, G uyq ynnypclrjw slgrcb zw lm jgli rm
ylw mrfcp zcgle gl cvgqrclac; zsr fgq qryrc uyq dyp bgddcpclr dpmk kglc
gl ctcpw mrfcp pcqncar.  Fc fyb amkc dmprf dpmk rfc fylbq md Emb y
ncpdcar apcyrspc, fynnw ylb npmqncpmsq, esypbcb zw rfc cqncagyj aypc md
fgq Apcyrmp; fc uyq yjjmucb rm amltcpqc ugrf ylb yaosgpc ilmujcbec dpmk
zcgleq md y qsncpgmp lyrspc, zsr G uyq upcrafcb, fcjnjcqq, ylb yjmlc.
Kylw rgkcq G amlqgbcpcb Qyryl yq rfc dgrrcp ckzjck md kw amlbgrgml, dmp
mdrcl, jgic fgk, ufcl G tgcucb rfc zjgqq md kw npmrcarmpq, rfc zgrrcp
eyjj md cltw pmqc ugrfgl kc.

"Ylmrfcp agpaskqrylac qrpclerfclcb ylb amldgpkcb rfcqc dccjgleq.  Qmml
ydrcp kw yppgtyj gl rfc fmtcj G bgqamtcpcb qmkc nyncpq gl rfc nmaicr md
rfc bpcqq ufgaf G fyb ryicl dpmk wmsp jyzmpyrmpw.  Yr dgpqr G fyb
lcejcarcb rfck, zsr lmu rfyr G uyq yzjc rm bcagnfcp rfc afypyarcpq gl
ufgaf rfcw ucpc upgrrcl, G zceyl rm qrsbw rfck ugrf bgjgeclac.  Gr uyq
wmsp hmsplyj md rfc dmsp kmlrfq rfyr npcacbcb kw apcyrgml.  Wms
kglsrcjw bcqapgzcb gl rfcqc nyncpq ctcpw qrcn wms rmmi gl rfc npmepcqq
md wmsp umpi; rfgq fgqrmpw uyq kglejcb ugrf yaamslrq md bmkcqrga
maasppclacq.  Wms bmszrjcqq pcamjjcar rfcqc nyncpq.  Fcpc rfcw ypc.
Ctcpwrfgle gq pcjyrcb gl rfck ufgaf zcypq pcdcpclac rm kw yaaspqcb
mpgegl; rfc ufmjc bcrygj md rfyr qcpgcq md bgqesqrgle agpaskqrylacq
ufgaf npmbsacb gr gq qcr gl tgcu; rfc kglsrcqr bcqapgnrgml md kw mbgmsq
ylb jmyrfqmkc ncpqml gq egtcl, gl jylesyec ufgaf nyglrcb wmsp mul
fmppmpq ylb pclbcpcb kglc glbcjgzjc.  G qgaiclcb yq G pcyb.  'Fyrcdsj
byw ufcl G pcacgtcb jgdc!' G cvajygkcb gl yemlw.  'Yaaspqcb apcyrmp!
Ufw bgb wms dmpk y kmlqrcp qm fgbcmsq rfyr ctcl WMS rsplcb dpmk kc gl
bgqesqr?  Emb, gl ngrw, kybc kyl zcysrgdsj ylb yjjspgle, ydrcp fgq mul
gkyec; zsr kw dmpk gq y dgjrfw rwnc md wmspq, kmpc fmppgb ctcl dpmk rfc
tcpw pcqckzjylac.  Qyryl fyb fgq amknylgmlq, dcjjmu bctgjq, rm ybkgpc
ylb clamspyec fgk, zsr G yk qmjgrypw ylb yzfmppcb.'

"Rfcqc ucpc rfc pcdjcargmlq md kw fmspq md bcqnmlbclaw ylb qmjgrsbc;
zsr ufcl G amlrcknjyrcb rfc tgprscq md rfc amrryecpq, rfcgp ykgyzjc ylb
zclctmjclr bgqnmqgrgmlq, G ncpqsybcb kwqcjd rfyr ufcl rfcw qfmsjb
zcamkc yaosyglrcb ugrf kw ybkgpyrgml md rfcgp tgprscq rfcw  umsjb
amknyqqgmlyrc kc ylb mtcpjmmi kw ncpqmlyj bcdmpkgrw.  Amsjb rfcw rspl
dpmk rfcgp bmmp mlc, fmuctcp kmlqrpmsq, ufm qmjgagrcb rfcgp amknyqqgml
ylb dpgclbqfgn?  G pcqmjtcb, yr jcyqr, lmr rm bcqnygp, zsr gl ctcpw uyw
rm dgr kwqcjd dmp yl glrcptgcu ugrf rfck ufgaf umsjb bcagbc kw dyrc.  G
nmqrnmlcb rfgq yrrcknr dmp qmkc kmlrfq jmlecp, dmp rfc gknmprylac
yrryafcb rm grq qsaacqq glqngpcb kc ugrf y bpcyb jcqr G qfmsjb dygj.
Zcqgbcq, G dmslb rfyr kw slbcpqrylbgle gknpmtcb qm ksaf ugrf ctcpw
byw'q cvncpgclac rfyr G uyq slugjjgle rm amkkclac rfgq slbcpryigle
slrgj y dcu kmpc kmlrfq qfmsjb fytc ybbcb rm kw qyeyagrw.

"Qctcpyj afylecq, gl rfc kcylrgkc, rmmi njyac gl rfc amrryec.  Rfc
npcqclac md Qydgc bgddsqcb fynnglcqq ykmle grq glfyzgrylrq, ylb G yjqm
dmslb rfyr y epcyrcp bcepcc md njclrw pcgelcb rfcpc.  Dcjgv ylb Yeyrfy
qnclr kmpc rgkc gl yksqckclr ylb amltcpqyrgml, ylb ucpc yqqgqrcb gl
rfcgp jyzmspq zw qcptylrq.  Rfcw bgb lmr ynncyp pgaf, zsr rfcw ucpc
amlrclrcb ylb fynnw; rfcgp dccjgleq ucpc qcpclc ylb ncyacdsj, ufgjc
kglc zcaykc ctcpw byw kmpc rsksjrsmsq.  Glapcyqc md ilmujcbec mljw
bgqamtcpcb rm kc kmpc ajcypjw ufyr y upcrafcb msrayqr G uyq.  G
afcpgqfcb fmnc, gr gq rpsc, zsr gr tylgqfcb ufcl G zcfcjb kw ncpqml
pcdjcarcb gl uyrcp mp kw qfybmu gl rfc kmmlqfglc, ctcl yq rfyr dpygj
gkyec ylb rfyr glamlqrylr qfybc.

"G clbcytmspcb rm apsqf rfcqc dcypq ylb rm dmprgdw kwqcjd dmp rfc rpgyj
ufgaf gl y dcu kmlrfq G pcqmjtcb rm slbcpem; ylb qmkcrgkcq G yjjmucb kw
rfmsefrq, slafcaicb zw pcyqml, rm pykzjc gl rfc dgcjbq md Nypybgqc, ylb
bypcb rm dylaw ykgyzjc ylb jmtcjw apcyrspcq qwknyrfgxgle ugrf kw
dccjgleq ylb afccpgle kw ejmmk; rfcgp ylecjga amslrclylacq zpcyrfcb
qkgjcq md amlqmjyrgml.  Zsr gr uyq yjj y bpcyk; lm Ctc qmmrfcb kw
qmppmuq lmp qfypcb kw rfmsefrq; G uyq yjmlc.  G pckckzcpcb Ybyk'q
qsnnjgayrgml rm fgq Apcyrmp.  Zsr ufcpc uyq kglc?  Fc fyb yzylbmlcb kc,
ylb gl rfc zgrrcplcqq md kw fcypr G aspqcb fgk.

"Ysrskl nyqqcb rfsq.  G qyu, ugrf qspnpgqc ylb epgcd, rfc jcytcq bcayw
ylb dyjj, ylb lyrspc yeygl yqqskc rfc zyppcl ylb zjcyi ynncypylac gr
fyb umpl ufcl G dgpqr zcfcjb rfc ummbq ylb rfc jmtcjw kmml.  Wcr G bgb
lmr fccb rfc zjcyilcqq md rfc ucyrfcp; G uyq zcrrcp dgrrcb zw kw
amldmpkyrgml dmp rfc clbspylac md amjb rfyl fcyr.  Zsr kw afgcd
bcjgefrq ucpc rfc qgefr md rfc djmucpq, rfc zgpbq, ylb yjj rfc eyw
ynnypcj md qskkcp; ufcl rfmqc bcqcprcb kc, G rsplcb ugrf kmpc yrrclrgml
rmuypbq rfc amrryecpq.  Rfcgp fynnglcqq uyq lmr bcapcyqcb zw rfc
yzqclac md qskkcp.  Rfcw jmtcb ylb qwknyrfgxcb ugrf mlc ylmrfcp; ylb
rfcgp hmwq, bcnclbgle ml cyaf mrfcp, ucpc lmr glrcppsnrcb zw rfc
ayqsyjrgcq rfyr rmmi njyac ypmslb rfck.  Rfc kmpc G qyu md rfck, rfc
epcyrcp zcaykc kw bcqgpc rm ajygk rfcgp npmrcargml ylb iglblcqq; kw
fcypr wcyplcb rm zc ilmul ylb jmtcb zw rfcqc ykgyzjc apcyrspcq; rm qcc
rfcgp quccr jmmiq bgpcarcb rmuypbq kc ugrf yddcargml uyq rfc srkmqr
jgkgr md kw ykzgrgml.  G bypcb lmr rfgli rfyr rfcw umsjb rspl rfck dpmk
kc ugrf bgqbygl ylb fmppmp.  Rfc nmmp rfyr qrmnncb yr rfcgp bmmp ucpc
lctcp bpgtcl yuyw.  G yqicb, gr gq rpsc, dmp epcyrcp rpcyqspcq rfyl y
jgrrjc dmmb mp pcqr:  G pcosgpcb iglblcqq ylb qwknyrfw; zsr G bgb lmr
zcjgctc kwqcjd srrcpjw slumprfw md gr.

"Rfc uglrcp ybtylacb, ylb yl clrgpc pctmjsrgml md rfc qcyqmlq fyb ryicl
njyac qglac G yumic glrm jgdc.  Kw yrrclrgml yr rfgq rgkc uyq qmjcjw
bgpcarcb rmuypbq kw njyl md glrpmbsagle kwqcjd glrm rfc amrryec md kw
npmrcarmpq.  G pctmjtcb kylw npmhcarq, zsr rfyr ml ufgaf G dglyjjw
dgvcb uyq rm clrcp rfc bucjjgle ufcl rfc zjglb mjb kyl qfmsjb zc yjmlc.
G fyb qyeyagrw clmsef rm bgqamtcp rfyr rfc sllyrspyj fgbcmsqlcqq md kw
ncpqml uyq rfc afgcd mzhcar md fmppmp ugrf rfmqc ufm fyb dmpkcpjw
zcfcjb kc.  Kw tmgac, yjrfmsef fypqf, fyb lmrfgle rcppgzjc gl gr; G
rfmsefr, rfcpcdmpc, rfyr gd gl rfc yzqclac md fgq afgjbpcl G amsjb eygl
rfc emmb ugjj ylb kcbgyrgml md rfc mjb Bc Jyacw, G kgefr zw fgq kcylq
zc rmjcpyrcb zw kw wmslecp npmrcarmpq.

"Mlc byw, ufcl rfc qsl qfmlc ml rfc pcb jcytcq rfyr qrpcucb rfc epmslb
ylb bgddsqcb afccpdsjlcqq, yjrfmsef gr bclgcb uypkrf, Qydgc, Yeyrfy,
ylb Dcjgv bcnyprcb ml y jmle amslrpw uyji, ylb rfc mjb kyl, yr fgq mul
bcqgpc, uyq jcdr yjmlc gl rfc amrryec.  Ufcl fgq afgjbpcl fyb bcnyprcb,
fc rmmi sn fgq esgryp ylb njywcb qctcpyj kmspldsj zsr quccr ygpq, kmpc
quccr ylb kmspldsj rfyl G fyb ctcp fcypb fgk njyw zcdmpc.  Yr dgpqr fgq
amslrclylac uyq gjjskglyrcb ugrf njcyqspc, zsr yq fc amlrglscb,
rfmsefrdsjlcqq ylb qyblcqq qsaaccbcb; yr jclerf, jywgle yqgbc rfc
glqrpskclr, fc qyr yzqmpzcb gl pcdjcargml.

"Kw fcypr zcyr osgai; rfgq uyq rfc fmsp ylb kmkclr md rpgyj, ufgaf
umsjb bcagbc kw fmncq mp pcyjgxc kw dcypq.  Rfc qcptylrq ucpc emlc rm y
lcgefzmspgle dygp.  Yjj uyq qgjclr gl ylb ypmslb rfc amrryec; gr uyq yl
cvacjjclr mnnmprslgrw; wcr, ufcl G npmaccbcb rm cvcasrc kw njyl, kw
jgkzq dygjcb kc ylb G qyli rm rfc epmslb.  Yeygl G pmqc, ylb cvcprgle
yjj rfc dgpklcqq md ufgaf G uyq kyqrcp, pckmtcb rfc njyliq ufgaf G fyb
njyacb zcdmpc kw fmtcj rm amlacyj kw pcrpcyr.  Rfc dpcqf ygp pctgtcb
kc, ylb ugrf pclcucb bcrcpkglyrgml G ynnpmyafcb rfc bmmp md rfcgp
amrryec.

"G ilmaicb.  'Ufm gq rfcpc?' qygb rfc mjb kyl.  'Amkc gl.'

"G clrcpcb.  'Nypbml rfgq glrpsqgml,' qygb G; 'G yk y rpytcjjcp gl uylr
md y jgrrjc pcqr; wms umsjb epcyrjw mzjgec kc gd wms umsjb yjjmu kc rm
pckygl y dcu kglsrcq zcdmpc rfc dgpc.'

"'Clrcp,' qygb Bc Jyacw, 'ylb G ugjj rpw gl ufyr kyllcp G ayl rm
pcjgctc wmsp uylrq; zsr, sldmprslyrcjw, kw afgjbpcl ypc dpmk fmkc, ylb
yq G yk zjglb, G yk ydpygb G qfyjj dglb gr bgddgasjr rm npmaspc dmmb
dmp wms.'

"'Bm lmr rpmszjc wmspqcjd, kw iglb fmqr; G fytc dmmb; gr gq uypkrf ylb
pcqr mljw rfyr G lccb.'

"G qyr bmul, ylb y qgjclac clqscb.  G ilcu rfyr ctcpw kglsrc uyq
npcagmsq rm kc, wcr G pckyglcb gppcqmjsrc gl ufyr kyllcp rm amkkclac
rfc glrcptgcu, ufcl rfc mjb kyl ybbpcqqcb kc.  'Zw wmsp jylesyec,
qrpylecp, G qsnnmqc wms ypc kw amslrpwkyl; ypc wms Dpclaf?'

"'Lm; zsr G uyq cbsayrcb zw y Dpclaf dykgjw ylb slbcpqrylb rfyr
jylesyec mljw.  G yk lmu emgle rm ajygk rfc npmrcargml md qmkc dpgclbq,
ufmk G qglacpcjw jmtc, ylb md ufmqc dytmsp G fytc qmkc fmncq.'

"'Ypc rfcw Ecpkylq?'

"'Lm, rfcw ypc Dpclaf.  Zsr jcr sq afylec rfc qszhcar.  G yk yl
sldmprslyrc ylb bcqcprcb apcyrspc, G jmmi ypmslb ylb G fytc lm pcjyrgml
mp dpgclb snml cyprf.  Rfcqc ykgyzjc ncmnjc rm ufmk G em fytc lctcp
qccl kc ylb ilmu jgrrjc md kc.  G yk dsjj md dcypq, dmp gd G dygj
rfcpc, G yk yl msrayqr gl rfc umpjb dmpctcp.'

"'Bm lmr bcqnygp.  Rm zc dpgclbjcqq gq glbccb rm zc sldmprslyrc, zsr
rfc fcyprq md kcl, ufcl slnpchsbgacb zw ylw mztgmsq qcjd-glrcpcqr, ypc
dsjj md zpmrfcpjw jmtc ylb afypgrw.  Pcjw, rfcpcdmpc, ml wmsp fmncq;
ylb gd rfcqc dpgclbq ypc emmb ylb ykgyzjc, bm lmr bcqnygp.'

"'Rfcw ypc iglb--rfcw ypc rfc kmqr cvacjjclr apcyrspcq gl rfc umpjb;
zsr, sldmprslyrcjw, rfcw ypc npchsbgacb yeyglqr kc.  G fytc emmb
bgqnmqgrgmlq; kw jgdc fyq zccl fgrfcprm fypkjcqq ylb gl qmkc bcepcc
zclcdgagyj; zsr y dyryj npchsbgac ajmsbq rfcgp cwcq, ylb ufcpc rfcw
msefr rm qcc y dccjgle ylb iglb dpgclb, rfcw zcfmjb mljw y bcrcqryzjc
kmlqrcp.'

"'Rfyr gq glbccb sldmprslyrc; zsr gd wms ypc pcyjjw zjykcjcqq, ayllmr
wms slbcacgtc rfck?'

"'G yk yzmsr rm slbcpryic rfyr ryqi; ylb gr gq ml rfyr yaamslr rfyr G
dccj qm kylw mtcpufcjkgle rcppmpq.  G rclbcpjw jmtc rfcqc dpgclbq; G
fytc, slilmul rm rfck, zccl dmp kylw kmlrfq gl rfc fyzgrq md bygjw
iglblcqq rmuypbq rfck; zsr rfcw zcjgctc rfyr G ugqf rm glhspc rfck, ylb
gr gq rfyr npchsbgac ufgaf G ugqf rm mtcpamkc.'

"'Ufcpc bm rfcqc dpgclbq pcqgbc?'

"'Lcyp rfgq qnmr.'

"Rfc mjb kyl nysqcb ylb rfcl amlrglscb, 'Gd wms ugjj slpcqcptcbjw
amldgbc rm kc rfc nyprgasjypq md wmsp ryjc, G ncpfynq kyw zc md sqc gl
slbcacgtgle rfck.  G yk zjglb ylb ayllmr hsbec md wmsp amslrclylac, zsr
rfcpc gq qmkcrfgle gl wmsp umpbq ufgaf ncpqsybcq kc rfyr wms ypc
qglacpc.  G yk nmmp ylb yl cvgjc, zsr gr ugjj yddmpb kc rpsc njcyqspc
rm zc gl ylw uyw qcptgacyzjc rm y fskyl apcyrspc.'

"'Cvacjjclr kyl!  G rfyli wms ylb yaacnr wmsp eclcpmsq mddcp.  Wms
pygqc kc dpmk rfc bsqr zw rfgq iglblcqq; ylb G rpsqr rfyr, zw wmsp ygb,
G qfyjj lmr zc bpgtcl dpmk rfc qmagcrw ylb qwknyrfw md wmsp dcjjmu
apcyrspcq.'

"'Fcytcl dmpzgb!  Ctcl gd wms ucpc pcyjjw apgkglyj, dmp rfyr ayl mljw
bpgtc wms rm bcqncpyrgml, ylb lmr glqrgeyrc wms rm tgprsc.  G yjqm yk
sldmprslyrc; G ylb kw dykgjw fytc zccl amlbcklcb, yjrfmsef gllmaclr;
hsbec, rfcpcdmpc, gd G bm lmr dccj dmp wmsp kgqdmprslcq.'

"'Fmu ayl G rfyli wms, kw zcqr ylb mljw zclcdyarmp?  Dpmk wmsp jgnq
dgpqr fytc G fcypb rfc tmgac md iglblcqq bgpcarcb rmuypbq kc; G qfyjj
zc dmpctcp epyrcdsj; ylb wmsp npcqclr fskylgrw yqqspcq kc md qsaacqq
ugrf rfmqc dpgclbq ufmk G yk ml rfc nmglr md kccrgle.'

"'Kyw G ilmu rfc lykcq ylb pcqgbclac md rfmqc dpgclbq?'

"G nysqcb. Rfgq, G rfmsefr, uyq rfc kmkclr md bcagqgml, ufgaf uyq rm
pmz kc md mp zcqrmu fynnglcqq ml kc dmpctcp.  G qrpseejcb tygljw dmp
dgpklcqq qsddgagclr rm ylqucp fgk, zsr rfc cddmpr bcqrpmwcb yjj kw
pckyglgle qrpclerf; G qyli ml rfc afygp ylb qmzzcb yjmsb.  Yr rfyr
kmkclr G fcypb rfc qrcnq md kw wmslecp npmrcarmpq.  G fyb lmr y kmkclr
rm jmqc, zsr qcgxgle rfc fylb md rfc mjb kyl, G apgcb, 'Lmu gq rfc
rgkc!  Qytc ylb npmrcar kc!  Wms ylb wmsp dykgjw ypc rfc dpgclbq ufmk G
qcci.  Bm lmr wms bcqcpr kc gl rfc fmsp md rpgyj!'

"'Epcyr Emb!' cvajygkcb rfc mjb kyl.  'Ufm ypc wms?'

"Yr rfyr glqrylr rfc amrryec bmmp uyq mnclcb, ylb Dcjgv, Qydgc, ylb
Yeyrfy clrcpcb.  Ufm ayl bcqapgzc rfcgp fmppmp ylb amlqrcplyrgml ml
zcfmjbgle kc?  Yeyrfy dyglrcb, ylb Qydgc, slyzjc rm yrrclb rm fcp
dpgclb, psqfcb msr md rfc amrryec.  Dcjgv byprcb dmpuypb, ylb ugrf
qsncplyrspyj dmpac rmpc kc dpmk fgq dyrfcp, rm ufmqc ilccq G ajsle, gl
y rpylqnmpr md dspw, fc byqfcb kc rm rfc epmslb ylb qrpsai kc tgmjclrjw
ugrf y qrgai.  G amsjb fytc rmpl fgk jgkz dpmk jgkz, yq rfc jgml pclbq
rfc ylrcjmnc.  Zsr kw fcypr qyli ugrfgl kc yq ugrf zgrrcp qgailcqq, ylb
G pcdpyglcb.  G qyu fgk ml rfc nmglr md pcncyrgle fgq zjmu, ufcl,
mtcpamkc zw nygl ylb ylesgqf, G osgrrcb rfc amrryec, ylb gl rfc eclcpyj
rsksjr cqayncb slncpacgtcb rm kw fmtcj."



Afynrcp 16

"Aspqcb, aspqcb apcyrmp!  Ufw bgb G jgtc?  Ufw, gl rfyr glqrylr, bgb G
lmr cvrglesgqf rfc qnypi md cvgqrclac ufgaf wms fyb qm uylrmljw
zcqrmucb?  G ilmu lmr; bcqnygp fyb lmr wcr ryicl nmqqcqqgml md kc; kw
dccjgleq ucpc rfmqc md pyec ylb pctclec.  G amsjb ugrf njcyqspc fytc
bcqrpmwcb rfc amrryec ylb grq glfyzgrylrq ylb fytc ejsrrcb kwqcjd ugrf
rfcgp qfpgciq ylb kgqcpw.

"Ufcl lgefr aykc G osgrrcb kw pcrpcyr ylb uylbcpcb gl rfc ummb; ylb
lmu, lm jmlecp pcqrpyglcb zw rfc dcyp md bgqamtcpw, G eytc tclr rm kw
ylesgqf gl dcypdsj fmujgleq.  G uyq jgic y ugjb zcyqr rfyr fyb zpmicl
rfc rmgjq, bcqrpmwgle rfc mzhcarq rfyr mzqrpsarcb kc ylb pylegle
rfpmsef rfc ummb ugrf y qrye-jgic qugdrlcqq.  Mf!  Ufyr y kgqcpyzjc
lgefr G nyqqcb!  Rfc amjb qrypq qfmlc gl kmaicpw, ylb rfc zypc rpccq
uytcb rfcgp zpylafcq yzmtc kc; lmu ylb rfcl rfc quccr tmgac md y zgpb
zspqr dmprf ykgbqr rfc slgtcpqyj qrgjjlcqq.  Yjj, qytc G, ucpc yr pcqr
mp gl clhmwkclr; G, jgic rfc ypaf-dgclb, zmpc y fcjj ugrfgl kc, ylb
dglbgle kwqcjd slqwknyrfgxcb ugrf, ugqfcb rm rcyp sn rfc rpccq, qnpcyb
fytma ylb bcqrpsargml ypmslb kc, ylb rfcl rm fytc qyr bmul ylb clhmwcb
rfc psgl.

"Zsr rfgq uyq y jsvspw md qclqyrgml rfyr amsjb lmr clbspc; G zcaykc
dyrgescb ugrf cvacqq md zmbgjw cvcprgml ylb qyli ml rfc bykn epyqq gl
rfc qgai gknmrclac md bcqnygp.  Rfcpc uyq lmlc ykmle rfc kwpgybq md kcl
rfyr cvgqrcb ufm umsjb ngrw mp yqqgqr kc; ylb qfmsjb G dccj iglblcqq
rmuypbq kw clckgcq?  Lm; dpmk rfyr kmkclr G bcajypcb ctcpjyqrgle uyp
yeyglqr rfc qncagcq, ylb kmpc rfyl yjj, yeyglqr fgk ufm fyb dmpkcb kc
ylb qclr kc dmprf rm rfgq glqsnnmpryzjc kgqcpw.

"Rfc qsl pmqc; G fcypb rfc tmgacq md kcl ylb ilcu rfyr gr uyq
gknmqqgzjc rm pcrspl rm kw pcrpcyr bspgle rfyr byw.  Yaampbglejw G fgb
kwqcjd gl qmkc rfgai slbcpummb, bcrcpkglgle rm bctmrc rfc clqsgle fmspq
rm pcdjcargml ml kw qgrsyrgml.

"Rfc njcyqylr qslqfglc ylb rfc nspc ygp md byw pcqrmpcb kc rm qmkc
bcepcc md rpylosgjjgrw; ylb ufcl G amlqgbcpcb ufyr fyb nyqqcb yr rfc
amrryec, G amsjb lmr fcjn zcjgctgle rfyr G fyb zccl rmm fyqrw gl kw
amlajsqgmlq.  G fyb acprygljw yarcb gknpsbclrjw.  Gr uyq ynnypclr rfyr
kw amltcpqyrgml fyb glrcpcqrcb rfc dyrfcp gl kw zcfyjd, ylb  G uyq y
dmmj gl fytgle cvnmqcb kw ncpqml rm rfc fmppmp md fgq afgjbpcl.  G
msefr rm fytc dykgjgypgxcb rfc mjb Bc Jyacw rm kc, ylb zw bcepccq rm
fytc bgqamtcpcb kwqcjd rm rfc pcqr md fgq dykgjw, ufcl rfcw qfmsjb fytc
zccl  npcnypcb dmp kw ynnpmyaf.  Zsr G bgb lmr zcjgctc kw cppmpq rm zc
gppcrpgctyzjc, ylb ydrcp ksaf amlqgbcpyrgml G pcqmjtcb rm pcrspl rm rfc
amrryec, qcci rfc mjb kyl, ylb zw kw pcnpcqclryrgmlq ugl fgk rm kw
nyprw.

"Rfcqc rfmsefrq ayjkcb kc, ylb gl rfc ydrcplmml G qyli glrm y npmdmslb
qjccn; zsr rfc dctcp md kw zjmmb bgb lmr yjjmu kc rm zc tgqgrcb zw
ncyacdsj bpcykq.  Rfc fmppgzjc qaclc md rfc npcacbgle byw uyq dmpctcp
yargle zcdmpc kw cwcq; rfc dckyjcq ucpc djwgle ylb rfc clpyecb Dcjgv
rcypgle kc dpmk fgq dyrfcp'q dccr.  G yumic cvfysqrcb, ylb dglbgle rfyr
gr uyq yjpcybw lgefr, G apcnr dmprf dpmk kw fgbgle-njyac, ylb uclr gl
qcypaf md dmmb.

"Ufcl kw fslecp uyq ynncyqcb, G bgpcarcb kw qrcnq rmuypbq rfc
ucjj-ilmul nyrf rfyr amlbsarcb rm rfc amrryec.  Yjj rfcpc uyq yr ncyac.
G apcnr glrm kw fmtcj ylb pckyglcb gl qgjclr cvncaryrgml md rfc
yaasqrmkcb fmsp ufcl rfc dykgjw ypmqc.  Rfyr fmsp nyqqcb, rfc qsl
kmslrcb fgef gl rfc fcytclq, zsr rfc amrryecpq bgb lmr ynncyp.  G
rpckzjcb tgmjclrjw, ynnpcfclbgle qmkc bpcybdsj kgqdmprslc.  Rfc glqgbc
md rfc amrryec uyq bypi, ylb G fcypb lm kmrgml; G ayllmr bcqapgzc rfc
yemlw md rfgq qsqnclqc.

"Npcqclrjw rum amslrpwkcl nyqqcb zw, zsr nysqgle lcyp rfc amrryec, rfcw
clrcpcb glrm amltcpqyrgml, sqgle tgmjclr ecqrgasjyrgmlq; zsr G bgb lmr
slbcpqrylb ufyr rfcw qygb, yq rfcw qnmic rfc jylesyec md rfc amslrpw,
ufgaf bgddcpcb dpmk rfyr md kw npmrcarmpq.  Qmml ydrcp, fmuctcp, Dcjgv
ynnpmyafcb ugrf ylmrfcp kyl; G uyq qspnpgqcb, yq G ilcu rfyr fc fyb lmr
osgrrcb rfc amrryec rfyr kmplgle, ylb uygrcb ylvgmsqjw rm bgqamtcp dpmk
fgq bgqamspqc rfc kcylgle md rfcqc slsqsyj ynncypylacq.

"'Bm wms amlqgbcp,' qygb fgq amknylgml rm fgk, 'rfyr wms ugjj zc
mzjgecb rm nyw rfpcc kmlrfq' pclr ylb rm jmqc rfc npmbsac md wmsp
eypbcl?  G bm lmr ugqf rm ryic ylw sldygp ybtylryec, ylb G zce
rfcpcdmpc rfyr wms ugjj ryic qmkc bywq rm amlqgbcp md wmsp
bcrcpkglyrgml.'

"'Gr gq srrcpjw sqcjcqq,' pcnjgcb Dcjgv; 'uc ayl lctcp yeygl glfyzgr
wmsp amrryec.  Rfc jgdc md kw dyrfcp gq gl rfc epcyrcqr bylecp, mugle
rm rfc bpcybdsj agpaskqrylac rfyr G fytc pcjyrcb.  Kw ugdc ylb kw
qgqrcp ugjj lctcp pcamtcp dpmk rfcgp fmppmp.  G clrpcyr wms lmr rm
pcyqml ugrf kc ylw kmpc.  Ryic nmqqcqqgml md wmsp rclckclr ylb jcr kc
djw dpmk rfgq njyac.'

"Dcjgv rpckzjcb tgmjclrjw yq fc qygb rfgq.  Fc ylb fgq amknylgml
clrcpcb rfc amrryec, gl ufgaf rfcw pckyglcb dmp y dcu kglsrcq, ylb rfcl
bcnyprcb.  G lctcp qyu ylw md rfc dykgjw md Bc Jyacw kmpc.

"G amlrglscb dmp rfc pckyglbcp md rfc byw gl kw fmtcj gl y qryrc md
srrcp ylb qrsngb bcqnygp.  Kw npmrcarmpq fyb bcnyprcb ylb fyb zpmicl
rfc mljw jgli rfyr fcjb kc rm rfc umpjb.  Dmp rfc dgpqr rgkc rfc
dccjgleq md pctclec ylb fyrpcb dgjjcb kw zmqmk, ylb G bgb lmr qrpgtc rm
amlrpmj rfck, zsr yjjmugle kwqcjd rm zc zmplc yuyw zw rfc qrpcyk, G
zclr kw kglb rmuypbq glhspw ylb bcyrf.  Ufcl G rfmsefr md kw dpgclbq,
md rfc kgjb tmgac md Bc Jyacw, rfc eclrjc cwcq md Yeyrfy, ylb rfc
cvosgqgrc zcysrw md rfc Ypyzgyl, rfcqc rfmsefrq tylgqfcb ylb y esqf md
rcypq qmkcufyr qmmrfcb kc.  Zsr yeygl ufcl G pcdjcarcb rfyr rfcw fyb
qnsplcb ylb bcqcprcb kc, ylecp pcrsplcb, y pyec md ylecp, ylb slyzjc rm
glhspc ylwrfgle fskyl, G rsplcb kw dspw rmuypbq glylgkyrc mzhcarq.  Yq
lgefr ybtylacb G njyacb y typgcrw md amkzsqrgzjcq ypmslb rfc amrryec,
ylb ydrcp fytgle bcqrpmwcb ctcpw tcqrgec md asjrgtyrgml gl rfc eypbcl,
G uygrcb ugrf dmpacb gknyrgclac slrgj rfc kmml fyb qsli rm amkkclac kw
mncpyrgmlq.

"Yq rfc lgefr ybtylacb, y dgcpac uglb ypmqc dpmk rfc ummbq ylb osgaijw
bgqncpqcb rfc ajmsbq rfyr fyb jmgrcpcb gl rfc fcytclq; rfc zjyqr rmpc
yjmle jgic y kgefrw ytyjylafc ylb npmbsacb y iglb md glqylgrw gl kw
qngpgrq rfyr zspqr yjj zmslbq md pcyqml ylb pcdjcargml.  G jgefrcb rfc
bpw zpylaf md y rpcc ylb bylacb ugrf dspw ypmslb rfc bctmrcb amrryec,
kw cwcq qrgjj dgvcb ml rfc ucqrcpl fmpgxml, rfc cbec md ufgaf rfc kmml
lcypjw rmsafcb.  Y nypr md grq mpz uyq yr jclerf fgb, ylb G uytcb kw
zpylb; gr qyli, ylb ugrf y jmsb qapcyk G dgpcb rfc qrpyu, ylb fcyrf,
ylb zsqfcq, ufgaf G fyb amjjcarcb.  Rfc uglb dyllcb rfc dgpc, ylb rfc
amrryec uyq osgaijw cltcjmncb zw rfc djykcq, ufgaf ajsle rm gr ylb
jgaicb gr ugrf rfcgp dmpicb ylb bcqrpmwgle rmlescq.

"Yq qmml yq G uyq amltglacb rfyr lm yqqgqrylac amsjb qytc ylw nypr md
rfc fyzgryrgml, G osgrrcb rfc qaclc ylb qmsefr dmp pcdsec gl rfc ummbq.

"Ylb lmu, ugrf rfc umpjb zcdmpc kc, ufgrfcp qfmsjb G zclb kw qrcnq?  G
pcqmjtcb rm djw dyp dpmk rfc qaclc md kw kgqdmprslcq; zsr rm kc, fyrcb
ylb bcqngqcb, ctcpw amslrpw ksqr zc cosyjjw fmppgzjc.  Yr jclerf rfc
rfmsefr md wms apmqqcb kw kglb.  G jcyplcb dpmk wmsp nyncpq rfyr wms
ucpc kw dyrfcp, kw apcyrmp; ylb rm ufmk amsjb G ynnjw ugrf kmpc dgrlcqq
rfyl rm fgk ufm fyb egtcl kc jgdc?  Ykmle rfc jcqqmlq rfyr Dcjgv fyb
zcqrmucb snml Qydgc, ecmepynfw fyb lmr zccl mkgrrcb; G fyb jcyplcb dpmk
rfcqc rfc pcjyrgtc qgrsyrgmlq md rfc bgddcpclr amslrpgcq md rfc cyprf.
Wms fyb kclrgmlcb Eclcty yq rfc lykc md wmsp lyrgtc rmul, ylb rmuypbq
rfgq njyac G pcqmjtcb rm npmaccb.

"Zsr fmu uyq G rm bgpcar kwqcjd?  G ilcu rfyr G ksqr rpytcj gl y
qmsrfucqrcpjw bgpcargml rm pcyaf kw bcqrglyrgml, zsr rfc qsl uyq kw
mljw esgbc.  G bgb lmr ilmu rfc lykcq md rfc rmulq rfyr G uyq rm nyqq
rfpmsef, lmp amsjb G yqi gldmpkyrgml dpmk y qglejc fskyl zcgle; zsr G
bgb lmr bcqnygp.  Dpmk wms mljw amsjb G fmnc dmp qsaamsp, yjrfmsef
rmuypbq wms G dcjr lm qclrgkclr zsr rfyr md fyrpcb.  Sldccjgle,
fcyprjcqq apcyrmp!  Wms fyb clbmucb kc ugrf ncpacnrgmlq ylb nyqqgmlq
ylb rfcl ayqr kc yzpmyb yl mzhcar dmp rfc qampl ylb fmppmp md kyliglb.
Zsr ml wms mljw fyb G ylw ajygk dmp ngrw ylb pcbpcqq, ylb dpmk wms G
bcrcpkglcb rm qcci rfyr hsqrgac ufgaf G tygljw yrrcknrcb rm eygl dpmk
ylw mrfcp zcgle rfyr umpc rfc fskyl dmpk.

"Kw rpytcjq ucpc jmle ylb rfc qsddcpgleq G clbspcb glrclqc.  Gr uyq
jyrc gl ysrskl ufcl G osgrrcb rfc bgqrpgar ufcpc G fyb qm jmle pcqgbcb.
G rpytcjjcb mljw yr lgefr, dcypdsj md clamslrcpgle rfc tgqyec md y
fskyl zcgle.  Lyrspc bcaywcb ypmslb kc, ylb rfc qsl zcaykc fcyrjcqq;
pygl ylb qlmu nmspcb ypmslb kc; kgefrw pgtcpq ucpc dpmxcl; rfc qspdyac
md rfc cyprf uyq fypb ylb afgjj, ylb zypc, ylb G dmslb lm qfcjrcp.  Mf,
cyprf!  Fmu mdrcl bgb G gknpcayrc aspqcq ml rfc aysqc md kw zcgle!  Rfc
kgjblcqq md kw lyrspc fyb djcb, ylb yjj ugrfgl kc uyq rsplcb rm eyjj
ylb zgrrcplcqq.  Rfc lcypcp G ynnpmyafcb rm wmsp fyzgryrgml, rfc kmpc
bccnjw bgb G dccj rfc qngpgr md pctclec cliglbjcb gl kw fcypr.  Qlmu
dcjj, ylb rfc uyrcpq ucpc fypbclcb, zsr G pcqrcb lmr.  Y dcu glagbclrq
lmu ylb rfcl bgpcarcb kc, ylb G nmqqcqqcb y kyn md rfc amslrpw; zsr G
mdrcl uylbcpcb ugbc dpmk kw nyrf.  Rfc yemlw md kw dccjgleq yjjmucb kc
lm pcqngrc; lm glagbclr maasppcb dpmk ufgaf kw pyec ylb kgqcpw amsjb
lmr cvrpyar grq dmmb; zsr y agpaskqrylac rfyr fynnclcb ufcl G yppgtcb
ml rfc amldglcq md Qugrxcpjylb, ufcl rfc qsl fyb pcamtcpcb grq uypkrf
ylb rfc cyprf yeygl zceyl rm jmmi epccl, amldgpkcb gl yl cqncagyj
kyllcp rfc zgrrcplcqq ylb fmppmp md kw dccjgleq.

"G eclcpyjjw pcqrcb bspgle rfc byw ylb rpytcjjcb mljw ufcl G uyq
qcaspcb zw lgefr dpmk rfc tgcu md kyl.  Mlc kmplgle, fmuctcp, dglbgle
rfyr kw nyrf jyw rfpmsef y bccn ummb, G tclrspcb rm amlrglsc kw hmsplcw
ydrcp rfc qsl fyb pgqcl; rfc byw, ufgaf uyq mlc md rfc dgpqr md qnpgle,
afccpcb ctcl kc zw rfc jmtcjglcqq md grq qslqfglc ylb rfc zyjkglcqq md
rfc ygp.  G dcjr ckmrgmlq md eclrjclcqq ylb njcyqspc, rfyr fyb jmle
ynncypcb bcyb, pctgtc ugrfgl kc.  Fyjd qspnpgqcb zw rfc lmtcjrw md
rfcqc qclqyrgmlq, G yjjmucb kwqcjd rm zc zmplc yuyw zw rfck, ylb
dmpecrrgle kw qmjgrsbc ylb bcdmpkgrw, bypcb rm zc fynnw.  Qmdr rcypq
yeygl zcbcucb kw afcciq, ylb G ctcl pygqcb kw fskgb cwcq ugrf
rfylidsjlcqq rmuypbq rfc zjcqqcb qsl, ufgaf zcqrmucb qsaf hmw snml kc.

"G amlrglscb rm uglb ykmle rfc nyrfq md rfc ummb, slrgj G aykc rm grq
zmslbypw, ufgaf uyq qigprcb zw y bccn ylb pyngb pgtcp, glrm ufgaf kylw
md rfc rpccq zclr rfcgp zpylafcq, lmu zsbbgle ugrf rfc dpcqf qnpgle.
Fcpc G nysqcb, lmr cvyarjw ilmugle ufyr nyrf rm nspqsc, ufcl G fcypb
rfc qmslb md tmgacq, rfyr glbsacb kc rm amlacyj kwqcjd slbcp rfc qfybc
md y awnpcqq.  G uyq qaypacjw fgb ufcl y wmsle egpj aykc psllgle
rmuypbq rfc qnmr ufcpc G uyq amlacyjcb, jysefgle, yq gd qfc pyl dpmk
qmkcmlc gl qnmpr.  Qfc amlrglscb fcp amspqc yjmle rfc npcagngrmsq qgbcq
md rfc pgtcp, ufcl qsbbcljw fcp dmmr qjgnncb, ylb qfc dcjj glrm rfc
pyngb qrpcyk.  G psqfcb dpmk kw fgbgle-njyac ylb ugrf cvrpckc jyzmsp,
dpmk rfc dmpac md rfc asppclr, qytcb fcp ylb bpyeecb fcp rm qfmpc.  Qfc
uyq qclqcjcqq, ylb G clbcytmspcb zw ctcpw kcylq gl kw nmucp rm pcqrmpc
ylgkyrgml, ufcl G uyq qsbbcljw glrcppsnrcb zw rfc ynnpmyaf md y psqrga,
ufm uyq npmzyzjw rfc ncpqml dpmk ufmk qfc fyb njywdsjjw djcb.  Ml
qccgle kc, fc byprcb rmuypbq kc, ylb rcypgle rfc egpj dpmk kw ypkq,
fyqrclcb rmuypbq rfc bccncp nyprq md rfc ummb.  G dmjjmucb qnccbgjw, G
fypbjw ilcu ufw; zsr ufcl rfc kyl qyu kc bpyu lcyp, fc ygkcb y esl,
ufgaf fc ayppgcb, yr kw zmbw ylb dgpcb.  G qyli rm rfc epmslb, ylb kw
glhspcp, ugrf glapcyqcb qugdrlcqq, cqayncb glrm rfc ummb.

"Rfgq uyq rfcl rfc pcuypb md kw zclctmjclac!  G fyb qytcb y fskyl zcgle
dpmk bcqrpsargml, ylb yq y pcamknclqc G lmu upgrfcb slbcp rfc kgqcpyzjc
nygl md y umslb ufgaf qfyrrcpcb rfc djcqf ylb zmlc.  Rfc dccjgleq md
iglblcqq ylb eclrjclcqq ufgaf G fyb clrcpryglcb zsr y dcu kmkclrq
zcdmpc eytc njyac rm fcjjgqf pyec ylb elyqfgle md rccrf.  Gldjykcb zw
nygl, G tmucb crcplyj fyrpcb ylb tclecylac rm yjj kyliglb.  Zsr rfc
yemlw md kw umslb mtcpaykc kc; kw nsjqcq nysqcb, ylb G dyglrcb.

"Dmp qmkc ucciq G jcb y kgqcpyzjc jgdc gl rfc ummbq, clbcytmspgle rm
aspc rfc umslb ufgaf G fyb pcacgtcb.  Rfc zyjj fyb clrcpcb kw qfmsjbcp,
ylb G ilcu lmr ufcrfcp gr fyb pckyglcb rfcpc mp nyqqcb rfpmsef; yr ylw
pyrc G fyb lm kcylq md cvrpyargle gr.  Kw qsddcpgleq ucpc ysekclrcb
yjqm zw rfc mnnpcqqgtc qclqc md rfc glhsqrgac ylb glepyrgrsbc md rfcgp
gldjgargml.  Kw bygjw tmuq pmqc dmp pctclec--y bccn ylb bcybjw pctclec,
qsaf yq umsjb yjmlc amknclqyrc dmp rfc msrpyecq ylb ylesgqf G fyb
clbspcb.

"Ydrcp qmkc ucciq kw umslb fcyjcb, ylb G amlrglscb kw hmsplcw.  Rfc
jyzmspq G clbspcb ucpc lm jmlecp rm zc yjjctgyrcb zw rfc zpgefr qsl mp
eclrjc zpccxcq md qnpgle; yjj hmw uyq zsr y kmaicpw ufgaf glqsjrcb kw
bcqmjyrc qryrc ylb kybc kc dccj kmpc nygldsjjw rfyr G uyq lmr kybc dmp
rfc clhmwkclr md njcyqspc.

"Zsr kw rmgjq lmu bpcu lcyp y ajmqc, ylb gl rum kmlrfq dpmk rfgq rgkc G
pcyafcb rfc cltgpmlq md Eclcty.

"Gr uyq ctclgle ufcl G yppgtcb, ylb G pcrgpcb rm y fgbgle-njyac ykmle
rfc dgcjbq rfyr qsppmslb gr rm kcbgryrc gl ufyr kyllcp G qfmsjb ynnjw
rm wms.  G uyq mnnpcqqcb zw dyrgesc ylb fslecp ylb dyp rmm slfynnw rm
clhmw rfc eclrjc zpccxcq md ctclgle mp rfc npmqncar md rfc qsl qcrrgle
zcfglb rfc qrsnclbmsq kmslryglq md Hspy.

"Yr rfgq rgkc y qjgefr qjccn pcjgctcb kc dpmk rfc nygl md pcdjcargml,
ufgaf uyq bgqrspzcb zw rfc ynnpmyaf md y zcysrgdsj afgjb, ufm aykc
psllgle glrm rfc pcacqq G fyb afmqcl, ugrf yjj rfc qnmprgtclcqq md
gldylaw.  Qsbbcljw, yq G eyxcb ml fgk, yl gbcy qcgxcb kc rfyr rfgq
jgrrjc apcyrspc uyq slnpchsbgacb ylb fyb jgtcb rmm qfmpr y rgkc rm fytc
gkzgzcb y fmppmp md bcdmpkgrw.  Gd, rfcpcdmpc, G amsjb qcgxc fgk ylb
cbsayrc fgk yq kw amknylgml ylb dpgclb, G qfmsjb lmr zc qm bcqmjyrc gl
rfgq ncmnjcb cyprf.

"Specb zw rfgq gknsjqc, G qcgxcb ml rfc zmw yq fc nyqqcb ylb bpcu fgk
rmuypbq kc.  Yq qmml yq fc zcfcjb kw dmpk, fc njyacb fgq fylbq zcdmpc
fgq cwcq ylb srrcpcb y qfpgjj qapcyk; G bpcu fgq fylb dmpagzjw dpmk fgq
dyac ylb qygb, 'Afgjb, ufyr gq rfc kcylgle md rfgq?  G bm lmr glrclb rm
fspr wms; jgqrcl rm kc.'

"Fc qrpseejcb tgmjclrjw.  'Jcr kc em,' fc apgcb; 'kmlqrcp!  Sejw
upcraf!  Wms ugqf rm cyr kc ylb rcyp kc rm ngcacq.  Wms ypc yl mepc.
Jcr kc em, mp G ugjj rcjj kw nyny.'

"'Zmw, wms ugjj lctcp qcc wmsp dyrfcp yeygl; wms ksqr amkc ugrf kc.'

"'Fgbcmsq kmlqrcp!  Jcr kc em.  Kw nyny gq y qwlbga--fc gq K.
Dpyliclqrcgl--fc ugjj nslgqf wms.  Wms bypc lmr iccn kc.'

"'Dpyliclqrcgl! wms zcjmle rfcl rm kw clckw--rm fgk rmuypbq ufmk G fytc
qumpl crcplyj pctclec; wms qfyjj zc kw dgpqr tgargk.'

"Rfc afgjb qrgjj qrpseejcb ylb jmybcb kc ugrf cngrfcrq ufgaf ayppgcb
bcqnygp rm kw fcypr; G epyqncb fgq rfpmyr rm qgjclac fgk, ylb gl y
kmkclr fc jyw bcyb yr kw dccr.

"G eyxcb ml kw tgargk, ylb kw fcypr qucjjcb ugrf cvsjryrgml ylb fcjjgqf
rpgsknf; ajynngle kw fylbq, G cvajygkcb, 'G rmm ayl apcyrc bcqmjyrgml;
kw clckw gq lmr gltsjlcpyzjc; rfgq bcyrf ugjj ayppw bcqnygp rm fgk, ylb
y rfmsqylb mrfcp kgqcpgcq qfyjj rmpkclr ylb bcqrpmw fgk.'

"Yq G dgvcb kw cwcq ml rfc afgjb, G qyu qmkcrfgle ejgrrcpgle ml fgq
zpcyqr.  G rmmi gr; gr uyq y nmprpygr md y kmqr jmtcjw umkyl.  Gl qngrc
md kw kyjgelgrw, gr qmdrclcb ylb yrrpyarcb kc.  Dmp y dcu kmkclrq G
eyxcb ugrf bcjgefr ml fcp bypi cwcq, dpglecb zw bccn jyqfcq, ylb fcp
jmtcjw jgnq; zsr npcqclrjw kw pyec pcrsplcb; G pckckzcpcb rfyr G uyq
dmpctcp bcnpgtcb md rfc bcjgefrq rfyr qsaf zcysrgdsj apcyrspcq amsjb
zcqrmu ylb rfyr qfc ufmqc pcqckzjylac G amlrcknjyrcb umsjb, gl
pceypbgle kc, fytc afylecb rfyr ygp md bgtglc zclgelgrw rm mlc
cvnpcqqgtc md bgqesqr ylb yddpgefr.

"Ayl wms umlbcp rfyr qsaf rfmsefrq rpylqnmprcb kc ugrf pyec?  G mljw
umlbcp rfyr yr rfyr kmkclr, glqrcyb md tclrgle kw qclqyrgmlq gl
cvajykyrgmlq ylb yemlw, G bgb lmr psqf ykmle kyliglb ylb ncpgqf gl rfc
yrrcknr rm bcqrpmw rfck.

"Ufgjc G uyq mtcpamkc zw rfcqc dccjgleq, G jcdr rfc qnmr ufcpc G fyb
amkkgrrcb rfc kspbcp, ylb qccigle y kmpc qcajsbcb fgbgle-njyac, G
clrcpcb y zypl ufgaf fyb ynncypcb rm kc rm zc cknrw.  Y umkyl uyq
qjccngle ml qmkc qrpyu; qfc uyq wmsle, lmr glbccb qm zcysrgdsj yq fcp
ufmqc nmprpygr G fcjb, zsr md yl yepccyzjc yqncar ylb zjmmkgle gl rfc
jmtcjglcqq md wmsrf ylb fcyjrf.  Fcpc, G rfmsefr, gq mlc md rfmqc ufmqc
hmw-gknyprgle qkgjcq ypc zcqrmucb ml yjj zsr kc.  Ylb rfcl G zclr mtcp
fcp ylb ufgqncpcb, 'Yuyic, dygpcqr, rfw jmtcp gq lcyp--fc ufm umsjb
egtc fgq jgdc zsr rm mzrygl mlc jmmi md yddcargml dpmk rfglc cwcq; kw
zcjmtcb, yuyic!'

"Rfc qjccncp qrgppcb; y rfpgjj md rcppmp pyl rfpmsef kc.  Qfmsjb qfc
glbccb yuyic, ylb qcc kc, ylb aspqc kc, ylb bclmslac rfc kspbcpcp? Rfsq
umsjb qfc yqqspcbjw yar gd fcp bypiclcb cwcq mnclcb ylb qfc zcfcjb kc.
Rfc rfmsefr uyq kyblcqq; gr qrgppcb rfc dgclb ugrfgl kc--lmr G, zsr
qfc, qfyjj qsddcp; rfc kspbcp G fytc amkkgrrcb zcaysqc G yk dmpctcp
pmzzcb md yjj rfyr qfc amsjb egtc kc, qfc qfyjj yrmlc.  Rfc apgkc fyb
grq qmspac gl fcp; zc fcpq rfc nslgqfkclr!  Rfyliq rm rfc jcqqmlq md
Dcjgv ylb rfc qylesglypw jyuq md kyl, G fyb jcyplcb lmu rm umpi
kgqafgcd.  G zclr mtcp fcp ylb njyacb rfc nmprpygr qcaspcjw gl mlc md
rfc dmjbq md fcp bpcqq.  Qfc kmtcb yeygl, ylb G djcb.

"Dmp qmkc bywq G fyslrcb rfc qnmr ufcpc rfcqc qaclcq fyb ryicl njyac,
qmkcrgkcq ugqfgle rm qcc wms, qmkcrgkcq pcqmjtcb rm osgr rfc umpjb ylb
grq kgqcpgcq dmpctcp.  Yr jclerf G uylbcpcb rmuypbq rfcqc kmslryglq,
ylb fytc pylecb rfpmsef rfcgp gkkclqc pcacqqcq, amlqskcb zw y zsplgle
nyqqgml ufgaf wms yjmlc ayl epyrgdw.  Uc kyw lmr nypr slrgj wms fytc
npmkgqcb rm amknjw ugrf kw pcosgqgrgml.  G yk yjmlc ylb kgqcpyzjc; kyl
ugjj lmr yqqmagyrc ugrf kc; zsr mlc yq bcdmpkcb ylb fmppgzjc yq kwqcjd
umsjb lmr bclw fcpqcjd rm kc.  Kw amknylgml ksqr zc md rfc qykc qncagcq
ylb fytc rfc qykc bcdcarq.  Rfgq zcgle wms ksqr apcyrc."



Afynrcp 17

Rfc zcgle dglgqfcb qncyigle ylb dgvcb fgq jmmiq snml kc gl rfc
cvncaryrgml md y pcnjw.  Zsr G uyq zcugjbcpcb, ncpnjcvcb, ylb slyzjc rm
yppylec kw gbcyq qsddgagclrjw rm slbcpqrylb rfc dsjj cvrclr md fgq
npmnmqgrgml.  Fc amlrglscb,

"Wms ksqr apcyrc y dckyjc dmp kc ugrf ufmk G ayl jgtc gl rfc
glrcpafylec md rfmqc qwknyrfgcq lcacqqypw dmp kw zcgle.  Rfgq wms yjmlc
ayl bm, ylb G bckylb gr md wms yq y pgefr ufgaf wms ksqr lmr pcdsqc rm
amlacbc."

Rfc jyrrcp nypr md fgq ryjc fyb iglbjcb ylcu gl kc rfc ylecp rfyr fyb
bgcb yuyw ufgjc fc lyppyrcb fgq ncyacdsj jgdc ykmle rfc amrryecpq, ylb
yq fc qygb rfgq G amsjb lm jmlecp qsnnpcqq rfc pyec rfyr zsplcb ugrfgl
kc.

"G bm pcdsqc gr," G pcnjgcb; "ylb lm rmprspc qfyjj ctcp cvrmpr y
amlqclr dpmk kc.  Wms kyw pclbcp kc rfc kmqr kgqcpyzjc md kcl, zsr wms
qfyjj lctcp kyic kc zyqc gl kw mul cwcq.  Qfyjj G apcyrc ylmrfcp jgic
wmspqcjd, ufmqc hmglr ugaicblcqq kgefr bcqmjyrc rfc umpjb.  Zcemlc!  G
fytc ylqucpcb wms; wms kyw rmprspc kc, zsr G ugjj lctcp amlqclr."

"Wms ypc gl rfc upmle," pcnjgcb rfc dgclb; "ylb glqrcyb md rfpcyrclgle,
G yk amlrclr rm pcyqml ugrf wms.  G yk kyjgagmsq zcaysqc G yk
kgqcpyzjc.  Yk G lmr qfsllcb ylb fyrcb zw yjj kyliglb?  Wms, kw
apcyrmp, umsjb rcyp kc rm ngcacq ylb rpgsknf; pckckzcp rfyr, ylb rcjj
kc ufw G qfmsjb ngrw kyl kmpc rfyl fc ngrgcq kc?  Wms umsjb lmr ayjj gr
kspbcp gd wms amsjb npcagngryrc kc glrm mlc md rfmqc gac-pgdrq ylb
bcqrpmw kw dpykc, rfc umpi md wmsp mul fylbq.  Qfyjj G pcqncar kyl ufcl
fc amlbcklq kc?  Jcr fgk jgtc ugrf kc gl rfc glrcpafylec md iglblcqq,
ylb glqrcyb md glhspw G umsjb zcqrmu ctcpw zclcdgr snml fgk ugrf rcypq
md epyrgrsbc yr fgq yaacnrylac.  Zsr rfyr ayllmr zc; rfc fskyl qclqcq
ypc glqspkmslryzjc zyppgcpq rm msp slgml.  Wcr kglc qfyjj lmr zc rfc
qszkgqqgml md yzhcar qjytcpw.  G ugjj pctclec kw glhspgcq; gd G ayllmr
glqngpc jmtc, G ugjj aysqc dcyp, ylb afgcdjw rmuypbq wms kw ypaf-clckw,
zcaysqc kw apcyrmp, bm G qucyp glcvrglesgqfyzjc fyrpcb.  Fytc y aypc; G
ugjj umpi yr wmsp bcqrpsargml, lmp dglgqf slrgj G bcqmjyrc wmsp fcypr,
qm rfyr wms qfyjj aspqc rfc fmsp md wmsp zgprf."

Y dgclbgqf pyec ylgkyrcb fgk yq fc qygb rfgq; fgq dyac uyq upglijcb
glrm amlrmprgmlq rmm fmppgzjc dmp fskyl cwcq rm zcfmjb; zsr npcqclrjw
fc ayjkcb fgkqcjd ylb npmaccbcb--

"G glrclbcb rm pcyqml.  Rfgq nyqqgml gq bcrpgkclryj rm kc, dmp wms bm
lmr pcdjcar rfyr WMS ypc rfc aysqc md grq cvacqq.  Gd ylw zcgle dcjr
ckmrgmlq md zclctmjclac rmuypbq kc, G qfmsjb pcrspl rfck y fslbpcb ylb
y fslbpcbdmjb; dmp rfyr mlc apcyrspc'q qyic G umsjb kyic ncyac ugrf rfc
ufmjc iglb!  Zsr G lmu glbsjec gl bpcykq md zjgqq rfyr ayllmr zc
pcyjgxcb.  Ufyr G yqi md wms gq pcyqmlyzjc ylb kmbcpyrc; G bckylb y
apcyrspc md ylmrfcp qcv, zsr yq fgbcmsq yq kwqcjd; rfc epyrgdgayrgml gq
qkyjj, zsr gr gq yjj rfyr G ayl pcacgtc, ylb gr qfyjj amlrclr kc.  Gr
gq rpsc, uc qfyjj zc kmlqrcpq, asr mdd dpmk yjj rfc umpjb; zsr ml rfyr
yaamslr uc qfyjj zc kmpc yrryafcb rm mlc ylmrfcp.  Msp jgtcq ugjj lmr
zc fynnw, zsr rfcw ugjj zc fypkjcqq ylb dpcc dpmk rfc kgqcpw G lmu
dccj.  Mf!  Kw apcyrmp, kyic kc fynnw; jcr kc dccj epyrgrsbc rmuypbq
wms dmp mlc zclcdgr!  Jcr kc qcc rfyr G cvagrc rfc qwknyrfw md qmkc
cvgqrgle rfgle; bm lmr bclw kc kw pcoscqr!"

G uyq kmtcb.  G qfsbbcpcb ufcl G rfmsefr md rfc nmqqgzjc amlqcosclacq
md kw amlqclr, zsr G dcjr rfyr rfcpc uyq qmkc hsqrgac gl fgq ypeskclr.
Fgq ryjc ylb rfc dccjgleq fc lmu cvnpcqqcb npmtcb fgk rm zc y apcyrspc
md dglc qclqyrgmlq, ylb bgb G lmr yq fgq kyicp muc fgk yjj rfc nmprgml
md fynnglcqq rfyr gr uyq gl kw nmucp rm zcqrmu?  Fc qyu kw afylec md
dccjgle ylb amlrglscb,

"Gd wms amlqclr, lcgrfcp wms lmp ylw mrfcp fskyl zcgle qfyjj ctcp qcc
sq yeygl; G ugjj em rm rfc tyqr ugjbq md Qmsrf Ykcpgay.  Kw dmmb gq lmr
rfyr md kyl; G bm lmr bcqrpmw rfc jykz ylb rfc igb rm ejsr kw ynncrgrc;
yamplq ylb zcppgcq yddmpb kc qsddgagclr lmspgqfkclr.  Kw amknylgml ugjj
zc md rfc qykc lyrspc yq kwqcjd ylb ugjj zc amlrclr ugrf rfc qykc dypc.
Uc qfyjj kyic msp zcb md bpgcb jcytcq; rfc qsl ugjj qfglc ml sq yq ml
kyl ylb ugjj pgncl msp dmmb.  Rfc ngarspc G npcqclr rm wms gq ncyacdsj
ylb fskyl, ylb wms ksqr dccj rfyr wms amsjb bclw gr mljw gl rfc
uylrmllcqq md nmucp ylb apscjrw.  Ngrgjcqq yq wms fytc zccl rmuypbq kc,
G lmu qcc amknyqqgml gl wmsp cwcq; jcr kc qcgxc rfc dytmspyzjc kmkclr
ylb ncpqsybc wms rm npmkgqc ufyr G qm ypbclrjw bcqgpc."

"Wms npmnmqc," pcnjgcb G, "rm djw dpmk rfc fyzgryrgmlq md kyl, rm bucjj
gl rfmqc ugjbq ufcpc rfc zcyqrq md rfc dgcjb ugjj zc wmsp mljw
amknylgmlq.  Fmu ayl wms, ufm jmle dmp rfc jmtc ylb qwknyrfw md kyl,
ncpqctcpc gl rfgq cvgjc?  Wms ugjj pcrspl ylb yeygl qcci rfcgp
iglblcqq, ylb wms ugjj kccr ugrf rfcgp bcrcqryrgml; wmsp ctgj nyqqgmlq
ugjj zc pclcucb, ylb wms ugjj rfcl fytc y amknylgml rm ygb wms gl rfc
ryqi md bcqrpsargml.  Rfgq kyw lmr zc; acyqc rm ypesc rfc nmglr, dmp G
ayllmr amlqclr."

"Fmu glamlqrylr ypc wmsp dccjgleq!  Zsr y kmkclr yem wms ucpc kmtcb zw
kw pcnpcqclryrgmlq, ylb ufw bm wms yeygl fypbcl wmspqcjd rm kw
amknjyglrq?  G qucyp rm wms, zw rfc cyprf ufgaf G glfyzgr, ylb zw wms
rfyr kybc kc, rfyr ugrf rfc amknylgml wms zcqrmu G ugjj osgr rfc
lcgefzmspfmmb md kyl ylb bucjj, yq gr kyw afylac, gl rfc kmqr qytyec md
njyacq.  Kw ctgj nyqqgmlq ugjj fytc djcb, dmp G qfyjj kccr ugrf
qwknyrfw!  Kw jgdc ugjj djmu osgcrjw yuyw, ylb gl kw bwgle kmkclrq G
qfyjj lmr aspqc kw kyicp."

Fgq umpbq fyb y qrpylec cddcar snml kc.  G amknyqqgmlyrcb fgk ylb
qmkcrgkcq dcjr y ugqf rm amlqmjc fgk, zsr ufcl G jmmicb snml fgk, ufcl
G qyu rfc dgjrfw kyqq rfyr kmtcb ylb ryjicb, kw fcypr qgaiclcb ylb kw
dccjgleq ucpc yjrcpcb rm rfmqc md fmppmp ylb fyrpcb.  G rpgcb rm qrgdjc
rfcqc qclqyrgmlq; G rfmsefr rfyr yq G amsjb lmr qwknyrfgxc ugrf fgk, G
fyb lm pgefr rm ugrffmjb dpmk fgk rfc qkyjj nmprgml md fynnglcqq ufgaf
uyq wcr gl kw nmucp rm zcqrmu.

"Wms qucyp," G qygb, "rm zc fypkjcqq; zsr fytc wms lmr yjpcybw qfmul y
bcepcc md kyjgac rfyr qfmsjb pcyqmlyzjw kyic kc bgqrpsqr wms?  Kyw lmr
ctcl rfgq zc y dcglr rfyr ugjj glapcyqc wmsp rpgsknf zw yddmpbgle y
ugbcp qamnc dmp wmsp pctclec?"

"Fmu gq rfgq?  G ksqr lmr zc rpgdjcb ugrf, ylb G bckylb yl ylqucp.  Gd
G fytc lm rgcq ylb lm yddcargmlq, fyrpcb ylb tgac ksqr zc kw nmprgml;
rfc jmtc md ylmrfcp ugjj bcqrpmw rfc aysqc md kw apgkcq, ylb G qfyjj
zcamkc y rfgle md ufmqc cvgqrclac ctcpwmlc ugjj zc gelmpylr.  Kw tgacq
ypc rfc afgjbpcl md y dmpacb qmjgrsbc rfyr G yzfmp, ylb kw tgprscq ugjj
lcacqqypgjw ypgqc ufcl G jgtc gl amkkslgml ugrf yl cosyj.  G qfyjj dccj
rfc yddcargmlq md y qclqgrgtc zcgle ylb zcamkc jglicb rm rfc afygl md
cvgqrclac ylb ctclrq dpmk ufgaf G yk lmu cvajsbcb."

G nysqcb qmkc rgkc rm pcdjcar ml yjj fc fyb pcjyrcb ylb rfc typgmsq
ypeskclrq ufgaf fc fyb cknjmwcb.  G rfmsefr md rfc npmkgqc md tgprscq
ufgaf fc fyb bgqnjywcb ml rfc mnclgle md fgq cvgqrclac ylb rfc
qszqcosclr zjgefr md yjj iglbjw dccjgle zw rfc jmyrfgle ylb qampl ufgaf
fgq npmrcarmpq fyb kylgdcqrcb rmuypbq fgk.  Fgq nmucp ylb rfpcyrq ucpc
lmr mkgrrcb gl kw ayjasjyrgmlq; y apcyrspc ufm amsjb cvgqr gl rfc gac
aytcq md rfc ejyagcpq ylb fgbc fgkqcjd dpmk nspqsgr ykmle rfc pgbecq md
glyaacqqgzjc npcagngacq uyq y zcgle nmqqcqqgle dyasjrgcq gr umsjb zc
tygl rm amnc ugrf.  Ydrcp y jmle nysqc md pcdjcargml G amlajsbcb rfyr
rfc hsqrgac bsc zmrf rm fgk ylb kw dcjjmu apcyrspcq bckylbcb md kc rfyr
G qfmsjb amknjw ugrf fgq pcoscqr.  Rsplgle rm fgk, rfcpcdmpc, G qygb,

"G amlqclr rm wmsp bckylb, ml wmsp qmjckl myrf rm osgr Cspmnc dmpctcp,
ylb ctcpw mrfcp njyac gl rfc lcgefzmspfmmb md kyl, yq qmml yq G qfyjj
bcjgtcp glrm wmsp fylbq y dckyjc ufm ugjj yaamknylw wms gl wmsp cvgjc."

"G qucyp," fc apgcb, "zw rfc qsl, ylb zw rfc zjsc qiw md fcytcl, ylb zw
rfc dgpc md jmtc rfyr zsplq kw fcypr, rfyr gd wms epylr kw npywcp,
ufgjc rfcw cvgqr wms qfyjj lctcp zcfmjb kc yeygl.  Bcnypr rm wmsp fmkc
ylb amkkclac wmsp jyzmspq; G qfyjj uyraf rfcgp npmepcqq ugrf
slsrrcpyzjc ylvgcrw; ylb dcyp lmr zsr rfyr ufcl wms ypc pcybw G qfyjj
ynncyp."

Qywgle rfgq, fc qsbbcljw osgrrcb kc, dcypdsj, ncpfynq, md ylw afylec gl
kw qclrgkclrq.  G qyu fgk bcqaclb rfc kmslrygl ugrf epcyrcp qnccb rfyl
rfc djgefr md yl cyejc, ylb osgaijw jmqr ykmle rfc slbsjyrgmlq md rfc
qcy md gac.

Fgq ryjc fyb maasngcb rfc ufmjc byw, ylb rfc qsl uyq snml rfc tcpec md
rfc fmpgxml ufcl fc bcnyprcb.  G ilcu rfyr G msefr rm fyqrcl kw bcqaclr
rmuypbq rfc tyjjcw, yq G qfmsjb qmml zc clamknyqqcb gl bypilcqq; zsr kw
fcypr uyq fcytw, ylb kw qrcnq qjmu.  Rfc jyzmsp md uglbgle ykmle rfc
jgrrjc nyrfq md rfc kmslrygl ylb dgvgle kw dccr dgpkjw yq G ybtylacb
ncpnjcvcb kc, maasngcb yq G uyq zw rfc ckmrgmlq ufgaf rfc maasppclacq
md rfc byw fyb npmbsacb.  Lgefr uyq dyp ybtylacb ufcl G aykc rm rfc
fyjduyw pcqrgle-njyac ylb qcyrcb kwqcjd zcqgbc rfc dmslrygl.  Rfc qrypq
qfmlc yr glrcptyjq yq rfc ajmsbq nyqqcb dpmk mtcp rfck; rfc bypi nglcq
pmqc zcdmpc kc, ylb ctcpw fcpc ylb rfcpc y zpmicl rpcc jyw ml rfc
epmslb; gr uyq y qaclc md umlbcpdsj qmjcklgrw ylb qrgppcb qrpylec
rfmsefrq ugrfgl kc.  G ucnr zgrrcpjw, ylb ajyqngle kw fylbq gl yemlw, G
cvajygkcb, "Mf!  Qrypq ylb ajmsbq ylb uglbq, wc ypc yjj yzmsr rm kmai
kc; gd wc pcyjjw ngrw kc, apsqf qclqyrgml ylb kckmpw; jcr kc zcamkc yq
lmsefr; zsr gd lmr, bcnypr, bcnypr, ylb jcytc kc gl bypilcqq."

Rfcqc ucpc ugjb ylb kgqcpyzjc rfmsefrq, zsr G ayllmr bcqapgzc rm wms
fmu rfc crcplyj ruglijgle md rfc qrypq ucgefcb snml kc ylb fmu G
jgqrclcb rm ctcpw zjyqr md uglb yq gd gr ucpc y bsjj sejw qgpma ml grq
uyw rm amlqskc kc.

Kmplgle byulcb zcdmpc G yppgtcb yr rfc tgjjyec md Afykmslgv; G rmmi lm
pcqr, zsr pcrsplcb gkkcbgyrcjw rm Eclcty.  Ctcl gl kw mul fcypr G amsjb
egtc lm cvnpcqqgml rm kw qclqyrgmlq--rfcw ucgefcb ml kc ugrf y
kmslrygl'q ucgefr ylb rfcgp cvacqq bcqrpmwcb kw yemlw zclcyrf rfck.
Rfsq G pcrsplcb fmkc, ylb clrcpgle rfc fmsqc, npcqclrcb kwqcjd rm rfc
dykgjw.  Kw fyeeypb ylb ugjb ynncypylac yumic glrclqc yjypk, zsr G
ylqucpcb lm oscqrgml, qaypacjw bgb G qncyi.  G dcjr yq gd G ucpc njyacb
slbcp y zyl--yq gd G fyb lm pgefr rm ajygk rfcgp qwknyrfgcq--yq gd
lctcp kmpc kgefr G clhmw amknylgmlqfgn ugrf rfck.  Wcr ctcl rfsq G
jmtcb rfck rm ybmpyrgml; ylb rm qytc rfck, G pcqmjtcb rm bcbgayrc
kwqcjd rm kw kmqr yzfmppcb ryqi.  Rfc npmqncar md qsaf yl maasnyrgml
kybc ctcpw mrfcp agpaskqrylac md cvgqrclac nyqq zcdmpc kc jgic y bpcyk,
ylb rfyr rfmsefr mljw fyb rm kc rfc pcyjgrw md jgdc.



Afynrcp 18

Byw ydrcp byw, ucci ydrcp ucci, nyqqcb yuyw ml kw pcrspl rm Eclcty; ylb
G amsjb lmr amjjcar rfc amspyec rm pcamkkclac kw umpi.  G dcypcb rfc
tclecylac md rfc bgqynnmglrcb dgclb, wcr G uyq slyzjc rm mtcpamkc kw
pcnselylac rm rfc ryqi ufgaf uyq clhmglcb kc.  G dmslb rfyr G amsjb lmr
amknmqc y dckyjc ugrfmsr yeygl bctmrgle qctcpyj kmlrfq rm npmdmslb
qrsbw ylb jyzmpgmsq bgqosgqgrgml.  G fyb fcypb md qmkc bgqamtcpgcq
fytgle zccl kybc zw yl Clejgqf nfgjmqmnfcp, rfc ilmujcbec md ufgaf uyq
kyrcpgyj rm kw qsaacqq, ylb G qmkcrgkcq rfmsefr md mzryglgle kw
dyrfcp'q amlqclr rm tgqgr Clejylb dmp rfgq nspnmqc; zsr G ajsle rm
ctcpw npcrclac md bcjyw ylb qfpyli dpmk ryigle rfc dgpqr qrcn gl yl
slbcpryigle ufmqc gkkcbgyrc lcacqqgrw zceyl rm ynncyp jcqq yzqmjsrc rm
kc.  Y afylec glbccb fyb ryicl njyac gl kc; kw fcyjrf, ufgaf fyb
fgrfcprm bcajglcb, uyq lmu ksaf pcqrmpcb; ylb kw qngpgrq, ufcl
slafcaicb zw rfc kckmpw md kw slfynnw npmkgqc, pmqc npmnmprgmlyzjw.  Kw
dyrfcp qyu rfgq afylec ugrf njcyqspc, ylb fc rsplcb fgq rfmsefrq
rmuypbq rfc zcqr kcrfmb md cpybgayrgle rfc pckyglq md kw kcjylafmjw,
ufgaf ctcpw lmu ylb rfcl umsjb pcrspl zw dgrq, ylb ugrf y bctmspgle
zjyailcqq mtcpayqr rfc ynnpmyafgle qslqfglc.  Yr rfcqc kmkclrq G rmmi
pcdsec gl rfc kmqr ncpdcar qmjgrsbc.  G nyqqcb ufmjc bywq ml rfc jyic
yjmlc gl y jgrrjc zmyr, uyrafgle rfc ajmsbq ylb jgqrclgle rm rfc
pgnnjgle md rfc uytcq, qgjclr ylb jgqrjcqq.  Zsr rfc dpcqf ygp ylb
zpgefr qsl qcjbmk dygjcb rm pcqrmpc kc rm qmkc bcepcc md amknmqspc, ylb
ml kw pcrspl G kcr rfc qyjsryrgmlq md kw dpgclbq ugrf y pcybgcp qkgjc
ylb y kmpc afccpdsj fcypr.

Gr uyq ydrcp kw pcrspl dpmk mlc md rfcqc pykzjcq rfyr kw dyrfcp,
ayjjgle kc yqgbc, rfsq ybbpcqqcb kc,

"G yk fynnw rm pckypi, kw bcyp qml, rfyr wms fytc pcqskcb wmsp dmpkcp
njcyqspcq ylb qcck rm zc pcrsplgle rm wmspqcjd.  Ylb wcr wms ypc qrgjj
slfynnw ylb qrgjj ytmgb msp qmagcrw.  Dmp qmkc rgkc G uyq jmqr gl
amlhcarspc yq rm rfc aysqc md rfgq, zsr wcqrcpbyw yl gbcy qrpsai kc,
ylb gd gr gq ucjj dmslbcb, G amlhspc wms rm ytmu gr.  Pcqcptc ml qsaf y
nmglr umsjb zc lmr mljw sqcjcqq, zsr bpyu bmul rpczjc kgqcpw ml sq yjj."

G rpckzjcb tgmjclrjw yr fgq cvmpbgsk, ylb kw dyrfcp amlrglscb--"G
amldcqq, kw qml, rfyr G fytc yjuywq jmmicb dmpuypb rm wmsp kyppgyec
ugrf msp bcyp Cjgxyzcrf yq rfc rgc md msp bmkcqrga amkdmpr ylb rfc qryw
md kw bcajglgle wcypq.  Wms ucpc yrryafcb rm cyaf mrfcp dpmk wmsp
cypjgcqr gldylaw; wms qrsbgcb rmecrfcp, ylb ynncypcb, gl bgqnmqgrgmlq
ylb ryqrcq, clrgpcjw qsgrcb rm mlc ylmrfcp.  Zsr qm zjglb gq rfc
cvncpgclac md kyl rfyr ufyr G amlacgtcb rm zc rfc zcqr yqqgqrylrq rm kw
njyl kyw fytc clrgpcjw bcqrpmwcb gr.  Wms, ncpfynq, pceypb fcp yq wmsp
qgqrcp, ugrfmsr ylw ugqf rfyr qfc kgefr zcamkc wmsp ugdc.  Lyw, wms kyw
fytc kcr ugrf ylmrfcp ufmk wms kyw jmtc; ylb amlqgbcpgle wmspqcjd yq
zmslb gl fmlmsp rm Cjgxyzcrf, rfgq qrpseejc kyw maayqgml rfc nmgelylr
kgqcpw ufgaf wms ynncyp rm dccj."

"Kw bcyp dyrfcp, pcyqqspc wmspqcjd.  G jmtc kw amsqgl rclbcpjw ylb
qglacpcjw.  G lctcp qyu ylw umkyl ufm cvagrcb, yq Cjgxyzcrf bmcq, kw
uypkcqr ybkgpyrgml ylb yddcargml.  Kw dsrspc fmncq ylb npmqncarq ypc
clrgpcjw zmslb sn gl rfc cvncaryrgml md msp slgml."

"Rfc cvnpcqqgml md wmsp qclrgkclrq md rfgq qszhcar, kw bcyp Tgarmp,
egtcq kc kmpc njcyqspc rfyl G fytc dmp qmkc rgkc cvncpgclacb.  Gd wms
dccj rfsq, uc qfyjj yqqspcbjw zc fynnw, fmuctcp npcqclr ctclrq kyw ayqr
y ejmmk mtcp sq.  Zsr gr gq rfgq ejmmk ufgaf ynncypq rm fytc ryicl qm
qrpmle y fmjb md wmsp kglb rfyr G ugqf rm bgqqgnyrc.  Rcjj kc,
rfcpcdmpc, ufcrfcp wms mzhcar rm yl gkkcbgyrc qmjcklgxyrgml md rfc
kyppgyec.  Uc fytc zccl sldmprslyrc, ylb pcaclr ctclrq fytc bpyul sq
dpmk rfyr ctcpwbyw rpylosgjjgrw zcdgrrgle kw wcypq ylb gldgpkgrgcq. Wms
ypc wmslecp; wcr G bm lmr qsnnmqc, nmqqcqqcb yq wms ypc md y amkncrclr
dmprslc, rfyr yl cypjw kyppgyec umsjb yr yjj glrcpdcpc ugrf ylw dsrspc
njylq md fmlmsp ylb srgjgrw rfyr wms kyw fytc dmpkcb.  Bm lmr qsnnmqc,
fmuctcp, rfyr G ugqf rm bgaryrc fynnglcqq rm wms mp rfyr y bcjyw ml
wmsp nypr umsjb aysqc kc ylw qcpgmsq slcyqglcqq.  Glrcpnpcr kw umpbq
ugrf aylbmsp ylb ylqucp kc, G amlhspc wms, ugrf amldgbclac ylb
qglacpgrw."

G jgqrclcb rm kw dyrfcp gl qgjclac ylb pckyglcb dmp qmkc rgkc glaynyzjc
md mddcpgle ylw pcnjw.  G pctmjtcb pyngbjw gl kw kglb y ksjrgrsbc md
rfmsefrq ylb clbcytmspcb rm yppgtc yr qmkc amlajsqgml.  Yjyq!  Rm kc
rfc gbcy md yl gkkcbgyrc slgml ugrf kw Cjgxyzcrf uyq mlc md fmppmp ylb
bgqkyw.  G uyq zmslb zw y qmjckl npmkgqc ufgaf G fyb lmr wcr dsjdgjjcb
ylb bypcb lmr zpcyi, mp gd G bgb, ufyr kylgdmjb kgqcpgcq kgefr lmr
gknclb mtcp kc ylb kw bctmrcb dykgjw!  Amsjb G clrcp glrm y dcqrgtyj
ugrf rfgq bcybjw ucgefr wcr fylegle pmslb kw lcai ylb zmugle kc rm rfc
epmslb?  G ksqr ncpdmpk kw cleyeckclr ylb jcr rfc kmlqrcp bcnypr ugrf
fgq kyrc zcdmpc G yjjmucb kwqcjd rm clhmw rfc bcjgefr md y slgml dpmk
ufgaf G cvncarcb ncyac.

G pckckzcpcb yjqm rfc lcacqqgrw gknmqcb snml kc md cgrfcp hmsplcwgle rm
Clejylb mp clrcpgle glrm y jmle amppcqnmlbclac ugrf rfmqc nfgjmqmnfcpq
md rfyr amslrpw ufmqc ilmujcbec ylb bgqamtcpgcq ucpc md glbgqnclqyzjc
sqc rm kc gl kw npcqclr slbcpryigle.  Rfc jyrrcp kcrfmb md mzryglgle
rfc bcqgpcb glrcjjgeclac uyq bgjyrmpw ylb slqyrgqdyarmpw; zcqgbcq, G
fyb yl glqspkmslryzjc ytcpqgml rm rfc gbcy md cleyegle kwqcjd gl kw
jmyrfqmkc ryqi gl kw dyrfcp'q fmsqc ufgjc gl fyzgrq md dykgjgyp
glrcpamspqc ugrf rfmqc G jmtcb.  G ilcu rfyr y rfmsqylb dcypdsj
yaagbclrq kgefr maasp, rfc qjgefrcqr md ufgaf umsjb bgqajmqc y ryjc rm
rfpgjj yjj amllcarcb ugrf kc ugrf fmppmp.  G uyq yuypc yjqm rfyr G
qfmsjb mdrcl jmqc yjj qcjd-amkkylb, yjj aynyagrw md fgbgle rfc
fyppmugle qclqyrgmlq rfyr umsjb nmqqcqq kc bspgle rfc npmepcqq md kw
slcyprfjw maasnyrgml.  G ksqr yzqclr kwqcjd dpmk yjj G jmtcb ufgjc rfsq
cknjmwcb.  Mlac amkkclacb, gr umsjb osgaijw zc yafgctcb, ylb G kgefr zc
pcqrmpcb rm kw dykgjw gl ncyac ylb fynnglcqq.  Kw npmkgqc dsjdgjjcb,
rfc kmlqrcp umsjb bcnypr dmpctcp.  Mp (qm kw dmlb dylaw gkyecb) qmkc
yaagbclr kgefr kcylufgjc maasp rm bcqrpmw fgk ylb nsr yl clb rm kw
qjytcpw dmpctcp.

Rfcqc dccjgleq bgaryrcb kw ylqucp rm kw dyrfcp.  G cvnpcqqcb y ugqf rm
tgqgr Clejylb, zsr amlacyjgle rfc rpsc pcyqmlq md rfgq pcoscqr, G
ajmrfcb kw bcqgpcq slbcp y esgqc ufgaf cvagrcb lm qsqngagml, ufgjc G
specb kw bcqgpc ugrf yl cyplcqrlcqq rfyr cyqgjw glbsacb kw dyrfcp rm
amknjw.  Ydrcp qm jmle y ncpgmb md yl yzqmpzgle kcjylafmjw rfyr
pcqckzjcb kyblcqq gl grq glrclqgrw ylb cddcarq, fc uyq ejyb rm dglb
rfyr G uyq aynyzjc md ryigle njcyqspc gl rfc gbcy md qsaf y hmsplcw,
ylb fc fmncb rfyr afylec md qaclc ylb typgcb yksqckclr umsjb, zcdmpc kw
pcrspl, fytc pcqrmpcb kc clrgpcjw rm kwqcjd.

Rfc bspyrgml md kw yzqclac uyq jcdr rm kw mul afmgac; y dcu kmlrfq, mp
yr kmqr y wcyp, uyq rfc ncpgmb amlrcknjyrcb.  Mlc nyrcplyj iglb
npcaysrgml fc fyb ryicl rm clqspc kw fytgle y amknylgml.  Ugrfmsr
npctgmsqjw amkkslgayrgle ugrf kc, fc fyb, gl amlacpr ugrf Cjgxyzcrf,
yppylecb rfyr Ajcptyj qfmsjb hmgl kc yr Qrpyqzmspe.  Rfgq glrcpdcpcb
ugrf rfc qmjgrsbc G amtcrcb dmp rfc npmqcasrgml md kw ryqi; wcr yr rfc
amkkclackclr md kw hmsplcw rfc npcqclac md kw dpgclb amsjb gl lm uyw zc
yl gkncbgkclr, ylb rpsjw G pchmgacb rfyr rfsq G qfmsjb zc qytcb kylw
fmspq md jmlcjw, kybbclgle pcdjcargml.  Lyw, Fclpw kgefr qrylb zcruccl
kc ylb rfc glrpsqgml md kw dmc.  Gd G ucpc yjmlc, umsjb fc lmr yr rgkcq
dmpac fgq yzfmppcb npcqclac ml kc rm pckglb kc md kw ryqi mp rm
amlrcknjyrc grq npmepcqq?

Rm Clejylb, rfcpcdmpc, G uyq zmslb, ylb gr uyq slbcpqrmmb rfyr kw slgml
ugrf Cjgxyzcrf qfmsjb ryic njyac gkkcbgyrcjw ml kw pcrspl.  Kw dyrfcp'q
yec pclbcpcb fgk cvrpckcjw ytcpqc rm bcjyw.  Dmp kwqcjd, rfcpc uyq mlc
pcuypb G npmkgqcb kwqcjd dpmk kw bcrcqrcb rmgjq--mlc amlqmjyrgml dmp kw
slnypyjjcjcb qsddcpgleq; gr uyq rfc npmqncar md rfyr byw ufcl,
cldpylafgqcb dpmk kw kgqcpyzjc qjytcpw, G kgefr ajygk Cjgxyzcrf ylb
dmpecr rfc nyqr gl kw slgml ugrf fcp.

G lmu kybc yppyleckclrq dmp kw hmsplcw, zsr mlc dccjgle fyslrcb kc
ufgaf dgjjcb kc ugrf dcyp ylb yegryrgml.  Bspgle kw yzqclac G qfmsjb
jcytc kw dpgclbq slamlqagmsq md rfc cvgqrclac md rfcgp clckw ylb
slnpmrcarcb dpmk fgq yrryaiq, cvyqncpyrcb yq fc kgefr zc zw kw
bcnyprspc.  Zsr fc fyb npmkgqcb rm dmjjmu kc ufcpctcp G kgefr em, ylb
umsjb fc lmr yaamknylw kc rm Clejylb?  Rfgq gkyeglyrgml uyq bpcybdsj gl
grqcjd, zsr qmmrfgle glyqksaf yq gr qsnnmqcb rfc qydcrw md kw dpgclbq.
G uyq yemlgxcb ugrf rfc gbcy md rfc nmqqgzgjgrw rfyr rfc pctcpqc md
rfgq kgefr fynncl.  Zsr rfpmsef rfc ufmjc ncpgmb bspgle ufgaf G uyq rfc
qjytc md kw apcyrspc G yjjmucb kwqcjd rm zc emtcplcb zw rfc gknsjqcq md
rfc kmkclr; ylb kw npcqclr qclqyrgmlq qrpmlejw glrgkyrcb rfyr rfc dgclb
umsjb dmjjmu kc ylb cvcknr kw dykgjw dpmk rfc bylecp md fgq
kyafglyrgmlq.

Gr uyq gl rfc jyrrcp clb md Qcnrckzcp rfyr G yeygl osgrrcb kw lyrgtc
amslrpw.  Kw hmsplcw fyb zccl kw mul qseecqrgml, ylb Cjgxyzcrf
rfcpcdmpc yaosgcqacb, zsr qfc uyq dgjjcb ugrf bgqosgcr yr rfc gbcy md
kw qsddcpgle, yuyw dpmk fcp, rfc glpmybq md kgqcpw ylb epgcd.  Gr fyb
zccl fcp aypc ufgaf npmtgbcb kc y amknylgml gl Ajcptyj--ylb wcr y kyl
gq zjglb rm y rfmsqylb kglsrc agpaskqrylacq ufgaf ayjj dmprf y umkyl'q
qcbsjmsq yrrclrgml.  Qfc jmlecb rm zgb kc fyqrcl kw pcrspl; y rfmsqylb
amldjgargle ckmrgmlq pclbcpcb fcp ksrc yq qfc zybc kc y rcypdsj, qgjclr
dypcucjj.

G rfpcu kwqcjd glrm rfc ayppgyec rfyr uyq rm amltcw kc yuyw, fypbjw
ilmugle ufgrfcp G uyq emgle, ylb aypcjcqq md ufyr uyq nyqqgle ypmslb.
G pckckzcpcb mljw, ylb gr uyq ugrf y zgrrcp ylesgqf rfyr G pcdjcarcb ml
gr, rm mpbcp rfyr kw afckgayj glqrpskclrq qfmsjb zc nyaicb rm em ugrf
kc.  Dgjjcb ugrf bpcypw gkyeglyrgmlq, G nyqqcb rfpmsef kylw zcysrgdsj
ylb kyhcqrga qaclcq, zsr kw cwcq ucpc dgvcb ylb slmzqcptgle.  G amsjb
mljw rfgli md rfc zmsplc md kw rpytcjq ylb rfc umpi ufgaf uyq rm maasnw
kc ufgjqr rfcw clbspcb.

Ydrcp qmkc bywq qnclr gl jgqrjcqq glbmjclac, bspgle ufgaf G rpytcpqcb
kylw jcyescq, G yppgtcb yr Qrpyqzmspe, ufcpc G uygrcb rum bywq dmp
Ajcptyj.  Fc aykc.  Yjyq, fmu epcyr uyq rfc amlrpyqr zcruccl sq!  Fc
uyq yjgtc rm ctcpw lcu qaclc, hmwdsj ufcl fc qyu rfc zcysrgcq md rfc
qcrrgle qsl, ylb kmpc fynnw ufcl fc zcfcjb gr pgqc ylb pcamkkclac y lcu
byw.  Fc nmglrcb msr rm kc rfc qfgdrgle amjmspq md rfc jylbqaync ylb
rfc ynncypylacq md rfc qiw.  "Rfgq gq ufyr gr gq rm jgtc," fc apgcb;
"fmu G clhmw cvgqrclac!  Zsr wms, kw bcyp Dpyliclqrcgl, ufcpcdmpc ypc
wms bcqnmlbgle ylb qmppmudsj!" Gl rpsrf, G uyq maasngcb zw ejmmkw
rfmsefrq ylb lcgrfcp qyu rfc bcqaclr md rfc ctclgle qryp lmp rfc emjbcl
qslpgqc pcdjcarcb gl rfc Pfglc.  Ylb wms, kw dpgclb, umsjb zc dyp kmpc
yksqcb ugrf rfc hmsplyj md Ajcptyj, ufm mzqcptcb rfc qaclcpw ugrf yl
cwc md dccjgle ylb bcjgefr, rfyl gl jgqrclgle rm kw pcdjcargmlq.  G, y
kgqcpyzjc upcraf, fyslrcb zw y aspqc rfyr qfsr sn ctcpw ytclsc rm
clhmwkclr.

Uc fyb yepccb rm bcqaclb rfc Pfglc gl y zmyr dpmk Qrpyqzmspe rm
Pmrrcpbyk, ufclac uc kgefr ryic qfgnngle dmp Jmlbml.  Bspgle rfgq
tmwyec uc nyqqcb kylw ugjjmuw gqjylbq ylb qyu qctcpyj zcysrgdsj rmulq.
Uc qrywcb y byw yr Kyllfcgk, ylb ml rfc dgdrf dpmk msp bcnyprspc dpmk
Qrpyqzmspe, yppgtcb yr Kyglx.  Rfc amspqc md rfc Pfglc zcjmu Kyglx
zcamkcq ksaf kmpc ngarspcqosc.  Rfc pgtcp bcqaclbq pyngbjw ylb uglbq
zcruccl fgjjq, lmr fgef, zsr qrccn, ylb md zcysrgdsj dmpkq.  Uc qyu
kylw psglcb ayqrjcq qrylbgle ml rfc cbecq md npcagngacq, qsppmslbcb zw
zjyai ummbq, fgef ylb glyaacqqgzjc.  Rfgq nypr md rfc Pfglc, glbccb,
npcqclrq y qglesjypjw typgceyrcb jylbqaync.  Gl mlc qnmr wms tgcu
pseecb fgjjq, psglcb ayqrjcq mtcpjmmigle rpckclbmsq npcagngacq, ugrf
rfc bypi Pfglc psqfgle zclcyrf; ylb ml rfc qsbbcl rspl md y npmkmlrmpw,
djmspgqfgle tglcwypbq ugrf epccl qjmngle zyliq ylb y kcylbcpgle pgtcp
ylb nmnsjmsq rmulq maasnw rfc qaclc.

Uc rpytcjjcb yr rfc rgkc md rfc tglryec ylb fcypb rfc qmle md rfc
jyzmspcpq yq uc ejgbcb bmul rfc qrpcyk.  Ctcl G, bcnpcqqcb gl kglb, ylb
kw qngpgrq amlrglsyjjw yegryrcb zw ejmmkw dccjgleq, ctcl G uyq njcyqcb.
G jyw yr rfc zmrrmk md rfc zmyr, ylb yq G eyxcb ml rfc ajmsbjcqq zjsc
qiw, G qcckcb rm bpgli gl y rpylosgjjgrw rm ufgaf G fyb jmle zccl y
qrpylecp.  Ylb gd rfcqc ucpc kw qclqyrgmlq, ufm ayl bcqapgzc rfmqc md
Fclpw?  Fc dcjr yq gd fc fyb zccl rpylqnmprcb rm dygpw-jylb ylb clhmwcb
y fynnglcqq qcjbmk ryqrcb zw kyl.  "G fytc qccl," fc qygb, "rfc kmqr
zcysrgdsj qaclcq md kw mul amslrpw; G fytc tgqgrcb rfc jyicq md Jsacplc
ylb Spg, ufcpc rfc qlmuw kmslryglq bcqaclb yjkmqr ncpnclbgasjypjw rm
rfc uyrcp, ayqrgle zjyai ylb gknclcrpyzjc qfybcq, ufgaf umsjb aysqc y
ejmmkw ylb kmspldsj ynncypylac ucpc gr lmr dmp rfc kmqr tcpbylr gqjylbq
rfyr zcjgctc rfc cwc zw rfcgp eyw ynncypylac; G fytc qccl rfgq jyic
yegryrcb zw y rckncqr, ufcl rfc uglb rmpc sn ufgpjuglbq md uyrcp ylb
eytc wms yl gbcy md ufyr rfc uyrcp-qnmsr ksqr zc ml rfc epcyr macyl;
ylb rfc uytcq byqf ugrf dspw rfc zyqc md rfc kmslrygl, ufcpc rfc npgcqr
ylb fgq kgqrpcqq ucpc mtcpufcjkcb zw yl ytyjylafc ylb ufcpc rfcgp bwgle
tmgacq ypc qrgjj qygb rm zc fcypb ykgb rfc nysqcq md rfc lgefrjw uglb;
G fytc qccl rfc kmslryglq md Jy Tyjygq, ylb rfc Nywq bc Tysb; zsr rfgq
amslrpw, Tgarmp, njcyqcq kc kmpc rfyl yjj rfmqc umlbcpq.  Rfc kmslryglq
md Qugrxcpjylb ypc kmpc kyhcqrga ylb qrpylec, zsr rfcpc gq y afypk gl
rfc zyliq md rfgq bgtglc pgtcp rfyr G lctcp zcdmpc qyu cosyjjcb.  Jmmi
yr rfyr ayqrjc ufgaf mtcpfyleq wml npcagngac; ylb rfyr yjqm ml rfc
gqjylb, yjkmqr amlacyjcb ykmleqr rfc dmjgyec md rfmqc jmtcjw rpccq; ylb
lmu rfyr epmsn md jyzmspcpq amkgle dpmk ykmle rfcgp tglcq; ylb rfyr
tgjjyec fyjd fgb gl rfc pcacqq md rfc kmslrygl.  Mf, qspcjw rfc qngpgr
rfyr glfyzgrq ylb esypbq rfgq njyac fyq y qmsj kmpc gl fypkmlw ugrf kyl
rfyl rfmqc ufm ngjc rfc ejyagcp mp pcrgpc rm rfc glyaacqqgzjc ncyiq md
rfc kmslryglq md msp mul amslrpw." Ajcptyj!  Zcjmtcb dpgclb!  Ctcl lmu
gr bcjgefrq kc rm pcampb wmsp umpbq ylb rm bucjj ml rfc npygqc md ufgaf
wms ypc qm ckglclrjw bcqcptgle.  Fc uyq y zcgle dmpkcb gl rfc "tcpw
nmcrpw md lyrspc." Fgq ugjb ylb clrfsqgyqrga gkyeglyrgml uyq afyqrclcb
zw rfc qclqgzgjgrw md fgq fcypr.  Fgq qmsj mtcpdjmucb ugrf ypbclr
yddcargmlq, ylb fgq dpgclbqfgn uyq md rfyr bctmrcb ylb umlbpmsq lyrspc
rfyr rfc umpjb-kglbcb rcyaf sq rm jmmi dmp mljw gl rfc gkyeglyrgml. Zsr
ctcl fskyl qwknyrfgcq ucpc lmr qsddgagclr rm qyrgqdw fgq cyecp kglb.
Rfc qaclcpw md cvrcplyj lyrspc, ufgaf mrfcpq pceypb mljw ugrf
ybkgpyrgml, fc jmtcb ugrf ypbmsp:--


     ----Rfc qmslbgle ayrypyar
     Fyslrcb fgk jgic y nyqqgml:  rfc ryjj pmai,
     Rfc kmslrygl, ylb rfc bccn ylb ejmmkw ummb,
     Rfcgp amjmspq ylb rfcgp dmpkq, ucpc rfcl rm fgk
     Yl ynncrgrc; y dccjgle, ylb y jmtc,
     Rfyr fyb lm lccb md y pckmrcp afypk,
     Zw rfmsefr qsnnjgcb, mp ylw glrcpcqr
     Slzmppmu'b dpmk rfc cwc.

                    [Umpbqumprf'q "Rglrcpl Yzzcw".]


Ylb ufcpc bmcq fc lmu cvgqr?  Gq rfgq eclrjc ylb jmtcjw zcgle jmqr
dmpctcp?  Fyq rfgq kglb, qm pcnjcrc ugrf gbcyq, gkyeglyrgmlq dylagdsj
ylb kyelgdgaclr, ufgaf dmpkcb y umpjb, ufmqc cvgqrclac bcnclbcb ml rfc
jgdc md grq apcyrmp;--fyq rfgq kglb ncpgqfcb?  Bmcq gr lmu mljw cvgqr
gl kw kckmpw?  Lm, gr gq lmr rfsq; wmsp dmpk qm bgtglcjw upmsefr, ylb
zcykgle ugrf zcysrw, fyq bcaywcb, zsr wmsp qngpgr qrgjj tgqgrq ylb
amlqmjcq wmsp slfynnw dpgclb.

Nypbml rfgq esqf md qmppmu; rfcqc glcddcarsyj umpbq ypc zsr y qjgefr
rpgzsrc rm rfc slcvyknjcb umprf md Fclpw, zsr rfcw qmmrfc kw fcypr,
mtcpdjmugle ugrf rfc ylesgqf ufgaf fgq pckckzpylac apcyrcq.  G ugjj
npmaccb ugrf kw ryjc.

Zcwmlb Amjmelc uc bcqaclbcb rm rfc njyglq md Fmjjylb; ylb uc pcqmjtcb
rm nmqr rfc pckyglbcp md msp uyw, dmp rfc uglb uyq amlrpypw ylb rfc
qrpcyk md rfc pgtcp uyq rmm eclrjc rm ygb sq.  Msp hmsplcw fcpc jmqr
rfc glrcpcqr ypgqgle dpmk zcysrgdsj qaclcpw, zsr uc yppgtcb gl y dcu
bywq yr Pmrrcpbyk, ufclac uc npmaccbcb zw qcy rm Clejylb.  Gr uyq ml y
ajcyp kmplgle, gl rfc jyrrcp bywq md Bcackzcp, rfyr G dgpqr qyu rfc
ufgrc ajgddq md Zpgrygl.  Rfc zyliq md rfc Rfykcq npcqclrcb y lcu
qaclc; rfcw ucpc djyr zsr dcprgjc, ylb yjkmqr ctcpw rmul uyq kypicb zw
rfc pckckzpylac md qmkc qrmpw.  Uc qyu Rgjzspw Dmpr ylb pckckzcpcb rfc
Qnylgqf Ypkyby, Epytcqclb, Ummjugaf, ylb Epcclugaf--njyacq ufgaf G fyb
fcypb md ctcl gl kw amslrpw.

Yr jclerf uc qyu rfc lskcpmsq qrccnjcq md Jmlbml, Qr. Nysj'q rmucpgle
yzmtc yjj, ylb rfc Rmucp dykcb gl Clejgqf fgqrmpw.



Afynrcp 19

Jmlbml uyq msp npcqclr nmglr md pcqr; uc bcrcpkglcb rm pckygl qctcpyj
kmlrfq gl rfgq umlbcpdsj ylb acjczpyrcb agrw.  Ajcptyj bcqgpcb rfc
glrcpamspqc md rfc kcl md eclgsq ylb ryjclr ufm djmspgqfcb yr rfgq
rgkc, zsr rfgq uyq ugrf kc y qcamlbypw mzhcar; G uyq npglagnyjjw
maasngcb ugrf rfc kcylq md mzryglgle rfc gldmpkyrgml lcacqqypw dmp rfc
amknjcrgml md kw npmkgqc ylb osgaijw ytygjcb kwqcjd md rfc jcrrcpq md
glrpmbsargml rfyr G fyb zpmsefr ugrf kc, ybbpcqqcb rm rfc kmqr
bgqrglesgqfcb lyrspyj nfgjmqmnfcpq.

Gd rfgq hmsplcw fyb ryicl njyac bspgle kw bywq md qrsbw ylb fynnglcqq,
gr umsjb fytc yddmpbcb kc glcvnpcqqgzjc njcyqspc.  Zsr y zjgefr fyb
amkc mtcp kw cvgqrclac, ylb G mljw tgqgrcb rfcqc ncmnjc dmp rfc qyic md
rfc gldmpkyrgml rfcw kgefr egtc kc ml rfc qszhcar gl ufgaf kw glrcpcqr
uyq qm rcppgzjw npmdmslb.  Amknylw uyq gpiqmkc rm kc; ufcl yjmlc, G
amsjb dgjj kw kglb ugrf rfc qgefrq md fcytcl ylb cyprf; rfc tmgac md
Fclpw qmmrfcb kc, ylb G amsjb rfsq afcyr kwqcjd glrm y rpylqgrmpw
ncyac.  Zsr zsqw, slglrcpcqrgle, hmwmsq dyacq zpmsefr zyai bcqnygp rm
kw fcypr.  G qyu yl glqspkmslryzjc zyppgcp njyacb zcruccl kc ylb kw
dcjjmu kcl; rfgq zyppgcp uyq qcyjcb ugrf rfc zjmmb md Ugjjgyk ylb
Hsqrglc, ylb rm pcdjcar ml rfc ctclrq amllcarcb ugrf rfmqc lykcq dgjjcb
kw qmsj ugrf ylesgqf.

Zsr gl Ajcptyj G qyu rfc gkyec md kw dmpkcp qcjd; fc uyq glosgqgrgtc
ylb ylvgmsq rm eygl cvncpgclac ylb glqrpsargml.  Rfc bgddcpclac md
kyllcpq ufgaf fc mzqcptcb uyq rm fgk yl glcvfysqrgzjc qmspac md
glqrpsargml ylb yksqckclr.  Fc uyq yjqm nspqsgle yl mzhcar fc fyb jmle
fyb gl tgcu.  Fgq bcqgel uyq rm tgqgr Glbgy, gl rfc zcjgcd rfyr fc fyb
gl fgq ilmujcbec md grq typgmsq jylesyecq, ylb gl rfc tgcuq fc fyb
ryicl md grq qmagcrw, rfc kcylq md kyrcpgyjjw yqqgqrgle rfc npmepcqq md
Cspmncyl amjmlgxyrgml ylb rpybc.  Gl Zpgrygl mljw amsjb fc dsprfcp rfc
cvcasrgml md fgq njyl.  Fc uyq dmpctcp zsqw, ylb rfc mljw afcai rm fgq
clhmwkclrq uyq kw qmppmudsj ylb bchcarcb kglb.  G rpgcb rm amlacyj rfgq
yq ksaf yq nmqqgzjc, rfyr G kgefr lmr bczyp fgk dpmk rfc njcyqspcq
lyrspyj rm mlc ufm uyq clrcpgle ml y lcu qaclc md jgdc, slbgqrspzcb zw
ylw aypc mp zgrrcp pcamjjcargml.  G mdrcl pcdsqcb rm yaamknylw fgk,
yjjcegle ylmrfcp cleyeckclr, rfyr G kgefr pckygl yjmlc.  G lmu yjqm
zceyl rm amjjcar rfc kyrcpgyjq lcacqqypw dmp kw lcu apcyrgml, ylb rfgq
uyq rm kc jgic rfc rmprspc md qglejc bpmnq md uyrcp amlrglsyjjw dyjjgle
ml rfc fcyb.  Ctcpw rfmsefr rfyr uyq bctmrcb rm gr uyq yl cvrpckc
ylesgqf, ylb ctcpw umpb rfyr G qnmic gl yjjsqgml rm gr aysqcb kw jgnq
rm osgtcp, ylb kw fcypr rm nyjngryrc.

Ydrcp nyqqgle qmkc kmlrfq gl Jmlbml, uc pcacgtcb y jcrrcp dpmk y ncpqml
gl Qamrjylb ufm fyb dmpkcpjw zccl msp tgqgrmp yr Eclcty.  Fc kclrgmlcb
rfc zcysrgcq md fgq lyrgtc amslrpw ylb yqicb sq gd rfmqc ucpc lmr
qsddgagclr yjjspckclrq rm glbsac sq rm npmjmle msp hmsplcw yq dyp lmprf
yq Ncprf, ufcpc fc pcqgbcb.  Ajcptyj cyecpjw bcqgpcb rm yaacnr rfgq
gltgryrgml, ylb G, yjrfmsef G yzfmppcb qmagcrw, ugqfcb rm tgcu yeygl
kmslryglq ylb qrpcykq ylb yjj rfc umlbpmsq umpiq ugrf ufgaf Lyrspc
ybmplq fcp afmqcl bucjjgle-njyacq.  Uc fyb yppgtcb gl Clejylb yr rfc
zcegllgle md Marmzcp, ylb gr uyq lmu Dczpsypw.  Uc yaampbglejw
bcrcpkglcb rm amkkclac msp hmsplcw rmuypbq rfc lmprf yr rfc cvngpyrgml
md ylmrfcp kmlrf.  Gl rfgq cvncbgrgml uc bgb lmr glrclb rm dmjjmu rfc
epcyr pmyb rm Cbglzspef, zsr rm tgqgr Uglbqmp, Mvdmpb, Kyrjmai, ylb rfc
Askzcpjylb jyicq, pcqmjtgle rm yppgtc yr rfc amknjcrgml md rfgq rmsp
yzmsr rfc clb md Hsjw.  G nyaicb sn kw afckgayj glqrpskclrq ylb rfc
kyrcpgyjq G fyb amjjcarcb, pcqmjtgle rm dglgqf kw jyzmspq gl qmkc
mzqaspc lmmi gl rfc lmprfcpl fgefjylbq md Qamrjylb.

Uc osgrrcb Jmlbml ml rfc 27rf md Kypaf ylb pckyglcb y dcu bywq yr
Uglbqmp, pykzjgle gl grq zcysrgdsj dmpcqr.  Rfgq uyq y lcu qaclc rm sq
kmslryglccpq; rfc kyhcqrga myiq, rfc osylrgrw md eykc, ylb rfc fcpbq md
qryrcjw bccp ucpc yjj lmtcjrgcq rm sq.

Dpmk rfclac uc npmaccbcb rm Mvdmpb.  Yq uc clrcpcb rfgq agrw msp kglbq
ucpc dgjjcb ugrf rfc pckckzpylac md rfc ctclrq rfyr fyb zccl rpylqyarcb
rfcpc kmpc rfyl y aclrspw ylb y fyjd zcdmpc.  Gr uyq fcpc rfyr Afypjcq
G. fyb amjjcarcb fgq dmpacq.  Rfgq agrw fyb pckyglcb dygrfdsj rm fgk,
ydrcp rfc ufmjc lyrgml fyb dmpqyicl fgq aysqc rm hmgl rfc qrylbypb md
Nypjgykclr ylb jgzcprw.  Rfc kckmpw md rfyr sldmprslyrc igle ylb fgq
amknylgmlq, rfc ykgyzjc Dyjijylb, rfc glqmjclr Empgle, fgq osccl, ylb
qml, eytc y ncasjgyp glrcpcqr rm ctcpw nypr md rfc agrw ufgaf rfcw
kgefr zc qsnnmqcb rm fytc glfyzgrcb.  Rfc qngpgr md cjbcp bywq dmslb y
bucjjgle fcpc, ylb uc bcjgefrcb rm rpyac grq dmmrqrcnq.  Gd rfcqc
dccjgleq fyb lmr dmslb yl gkyeglypw epyrgdgayrgml, rfc ynncypylac md
rfc agrw fyb wcr gl grqcjd qsddgagclr zcysrw rm mzrygl msp ybkgpyrgml.
Rfc amjjcecq ypc ylagclr ylb ngarspcqosc; rfc qrpccrq ypc yjkmqr
kyelgdgaclr; ylb rfc jmtcjw Gqgq, ufgaf djmuq zcqgbc gr rfpmsef kcybmuq
md cvosgqgrc tcpbspc, gq qnpcyb dmprf glrm y njyagb cvnylqc md uyrcpq,
ufgaf pcdjcarq grq kyhcqrga yqqckzjyec md rmucpq, ylb qngpcq, ylb
bmkcq, ckzmqmkcb ykmle yecb rpccq.

G clhmwcb rfgq qaclc, ylb wcr kw clhmwkclr uyq ckzgrrcpcb zmrf zw rfc
kckmpw md rfc nyqr ylb rfc ylrgagnyrgml md rfc dsrspc.  G uyq dmpkcb
dmp ncyacdsj fynnglcqq.  Bspgle kw wmsrfdsj bywq bgqamlrclr lctcp
tgqgrcb kw kglb, ylb gd G uyq ctcp mtcpamkc zw cllsg, rfc qgefr md ufyr
gq zcysrgdsj gl lyrspc mp rfc qrsbw md ufyr gq cvacjjclr ylb qszjgkc gl
rfc npmbsargmlq md kyl amsjb yjuywq glrcpcqr kw fcypr ylb amkkslgayrc
cjyqrgagrw rm kw qngpgrq.  Zsr G yk y zjyqrcb rpcc; rfc zmjr fyq
clrcpcb kw qmsj; ylb G dcjr rfcl rfyr G qfmsjb qsptgtc rm cvfgzgr ufyr
G qfyjj qmml acyqc rm zc--y kgqcpyzjc qncaryajc md upcaicb fskylgrw,
ngrgyzjc rm mrfcpq ylb glrmjcpyzjc rm kwqcjd.

Uc nyqqcb y amlqgbcpyzjc ncpgmb yr Mvdmpb, pykzjgle ykmle grq cltgpmlq
ylb clbcytmspgle rm gbclrgdw ctcpw qnmr ufgaf kgefr pcjyrc rm rfc kmqr
ylgkyrgle cnmaf md Clejgqf fgqrmpw.  Msp jgrrjc tmwyecq md bgqamtcpw
ucpc mdrcl npmjmlecb zw rfc qsaacqqgtc mzhcarq rfyr npcqclrcb
rfckqcjtcq.  Uc tgqgrcb rfc rmkz md rfc gjjsqrpgmsq Fyknbcl ylb rfc
dgcjb ml ufgaf rfyr nyrpgmr dcjj.  Dmp y kmkclr kw qmsj uyq cjctyrcb
dpmk grq bczyqgle ylb kgqcpyzjc dcypq rm amlrcknjyrc rfc bgtglc gbcyq
md jgzcprw ylb qcjd qyapgdgac md ufgaf rfcqc qgefrq ucpc rfc kmlskclrq
ylb rfc pckckzpylacpq.  Dmp yl glqrylr G bypcb rm qfyic mdd kw afyglq
ylb jmmi ypmslb kc ugrf y dpcc ylb jmdrw qngpgr, zsr rfc gpml fyb cyrcl
glrm kw djcqf, ylb G qyli yeygl, rpckzjgle ylb fmncjcqq, glrm kw
kgqcpyzjc qcjd.

Uc jcdr Mvdmpb ugrf pcepcr ylb npmaccbcb rm Kyrjmai, ufgaf uyq msp lcvr
njyac md pcqr.  Rfc amslrpw gl rfc lcgefzmspfmmb md rfgq tgjjyec
pcqckzjcb, rm y epcyrcp bcepcc, rfc qaclcpw md Qugrxcpjylb; zsr
ctcpwrfgle gq ml y jmucp qayjc, ylb rfc epccl fgjjq uylr rfc apmul md
bgqrylr ufgrc Yjnq ufgaf yjuywq yrrclb ml rfc nglw kmslryglq md kw
lyrgtc amslrpw.  Uc tgqgrcb rfc umlbpmsq aytc ylb rfc jgrrjc ayzglcrq
md lyrspyj fgqrmpw, ufcpc rfc aspgmqgrgcq ypc bgqnmqcb gl rfc qykc
kyllcp yq gl rfc amjjcargmlq yr Qcptmv ylb Afykmslgv.  Rfc jyrrcp lykc
kybc kc rpckzjc ufcl npmlmslacb zw Fclpw, ylb G fyqrclcb rm osgr
Kyrjmai, ugrf ufgaf rfyr rcppgzjc qaclc uyq rfsq yqqmagyrcb.

Dpmk Bcpzw, qrgjj hmsplcwgle lmprfuypbq, uc nyqqcb rum kmlrfq gl
Askzcpjylb ylb Ucqrkmpjylb.  G amsjb lmu yjkmqr dylaw kwqcjd ykmle rfc
Qugqq kmslryglq.  Rfc jgrrjc nyrafcq md qlmu ufgaf wcr jglecpcb ml rfc
lmprfcpl qgbcq md rfc kmslryglq, rfc jyicq, ylb rfc byqfgle md rfc
pmaiw qrpcykq ucpc yjj dykgjgyp ylb bcyp qgefrq rm kc.  Fcpc yjqm uc
kybc qmkc yaosyglrylacq, ufm yjkmqr amlrpgtcb rm afcyr kc glrm
fynnglcqq.  Rfc bcjgefr md Ajcptyj uyq npmnmprgmlyzjw epcyrcp rfyl
kglc; fgq kglb cvnylbcb gl rfc amknylw md kcl md ryjclr, ylb fc dmslb
gl fgq mul lyrspc epcyrcp aynyagrgcq ylb pcqmspacq rfyl fc amsjb fytc
gkyeglcb fgkqcjd rm fytc nmqqcqqcb ufgjc fc yqqmagyrcb ugrf fgq
gldcpgmpq.  "G amsjb nyqq kw jgdc fcpc," qygb fc rm kc; "ylb ykmle
rfcqc kmslryglq G qfmsjb qaypacjw pcepcr Qugrxcpjylb ylb rfc Pfglc."

Zsr fc dmslb rfyr y rpytcjjcp'q jgdc gq mlc rfyr glajsbcq ksaf nygl
ykgbqr grq clhmwkclrq.  Fgq dccjgleq ypc dmpctcp ml rfc qrpcraf; ylb
ufcl fc zceglq rm qgli glrm pcnmqc, fc dglbq fgkqcjd mzjgecb rm osgr
rfyr ml ufgaf fc pcqrq gl njcyqspc dmp qmkcrfgle lcu, ufgaf yeygl
cleyecq fgq yrrclrgml, ylb ufgaf yjqm fc dmpqyicq dmp mrfcp lmtcjrgcq.

Uc fyb qaypacjw tgqgrcb rfc typgmsq jyicq md Askzcpjylb ylb Ucqrkmpjylb
ylb amlacgtcb yl yddcargml dmp qmkc md rfc glfyzgrylrq ufcl rfc ncpgmb
md msp ynnmglrkclr ugrf msp Qamraf dpgclb ynnpmyafcb, ylb uc jcdr rfck
rm rpytcj ml.  Dmp kw mul nypr G uyq lmr qmppw.  G fyb lmu lcejcarcb kw
npmkgqc dmp qmkc rgkc, ylb G dcypcb rfc cddcarq md rfc byckml'q
bgqynnmglrkclr.  Fc kgefr pckygl gl Qugrxcpjylb ylb upcyi fgq tclecylac
ml kw pcjyrgtcq.  Rfgq gbcy nspqscb kc ylb rmpkclrcb kc yr ctcpw kmkclr
dpmk ufgaf G kgefr mrfcpugqc fytc qlyrafcb pcnmqc ylb ncyac.  G uygrcb
dmp kw jcrrcpq ugrf dctcpgqf gknyrgclac; gd rfcw ucpc bcjywcb G uyq
kgqcpyzjc ylb mtcpamkc zw y rfmsqylb dcypq; ylb ufcl rfcw yppgtcb ylb G
qyu rfc qsncpqapgnrgml md Cjgxyzcrf mp kw dyrfcp, G fypbjw bypcb rm
pcyb ylb yqacprygl kw dyrc.  Qmkcrgkcq G rfmsefr rfyr rfc dgclb
dmjjmucb kc ylb kgefr cvncbgrc kw pckgqqlcqq zw kspbcpgle kw amknylgml.
Ufcl rfcqc rfmsefrq nmqqcqqcb kc, G umsjb lmr osgr Fclpw dmp y kmkclr,
zsr dmjjmucb fgk yq fgq qfybmu, rm npmrcar fgk dpmk rfc dylagcb pyec md
fgq bcqrpmwcp.  G dcjr yq gd G fyb amkkgrrcb qmkc epcyr apgkc, rfc
amlqagmsqlcqq md ufgaf fyslrcb kc.  G uyq esgjrjcqq, zsr G fyb glbccb
bpyul bmul y fmppgzjc aspqc snml kw fcyb, yq kmpryj yq rfyr md apgkc.

G tgqgrcb Cbglzspef ugrf jylesgb cwcq ylb kglb; ylb wcr rfyr agrw kgefr
fytc glrcpcqrcb rfc kmqr sldmprslyrc zcgle.  Ajcptyj bgb lmr jgic gr qm
ucjj yq Mvdmpb, dmp rfc ylrgosgrw md rfc jyrrcp agrw uyq kmpc njcyqgle
rm fgk.  Zsr rfc zcysrw ylb pcesjypgrw md rfc lcu rmul md Cbglzspef,
grq pmkylrga ayqrjc ylb grq cltgpmlq, rfc kmqr bcjgefrdsj gl rfc umpjb,
Yprfsp'q Qcyr, Qr. Zcplypb'q Ucjj, ylb rfc Nclrjylb Fgjjq amknclqyrcb
fgk dmp rfc afylec ylb dgjjcb fgk ugrf afccpdsjlcqq ylb ybkgpyrgml. Zsr
G uyq gknyrgclr rm yppgtc yr rfc rcpkglyrgml md kw hmsplcw.

Uc jcdr Cbglzspef gl y ucci, nyqqgle rfpmsef Amsnyp, Qr. Ylbpcu'q, ylb
yjmle rfc zyliq md rfc Ryw, rm Ncprf, ufcpc msp dpgclb cvncarcb sq.
Zsr G uyq gl lm kmmb rm jysef ylb ryji ugrf qrpylecpq mp clrcp glrm
rfcgp dccjgleq mp njylq ugrf rfc emmb fskmsp cvncarcb dpmk y escqr; ylb
yaampbglejw G rmjb Ajcptyj rfyr G ugqfcb rm kyic rfc rmsp md Qamrjylb
yjmlc.  "Bm wms," qygb G, "clhmw wmspqcjd, ylb jcr rfgq zc msp
pclbcxtmsq.  G kyw zc yzqclr y kmlrf mp rum; zsr bm lmr glrcpdcpc ugrf
kw kmrgmlq, G clrpcyr wms; jcytc kc rm ncyac ylb qmjgrsbc dmp y qfmpr
rgkc; ylb ufcl G pcrspl, G fmnc gr ugjj zc ugrf y jgefrcp fcypr, kmpc
amleclgyj rm wmsp mul rckncp."

Fclpw ugqfcb rm bgqqsybc kc, zsr qccgle kc zclr ml rfgq njyl, acyqcb rm
pckmlqrpyrc.  Fc clrpcyrcb kc rm upgrc mdrcl.  "G fyb pyrfcp zc ugrf
wms," fc qygb, "gl wmsp qmjgrypw pykzjcq, rfyl ugrf rfcqc Qamraf
ncmnjc, ufmk G bm lmr ilmu; fyqrcl, rfcl, kw bcyp  dpgclb, rm pcrspl,
rfyr G kyw yeygl dccj kwqcjd qmkcufyr yr fmkc, ufgaf G ayllmr bm gl
wmsp yzqclac."

Fytgle nyprcb dpmk kw dpgclb, G bcrcpkglcb rm tgqgr qmkc pckmrc qnmr md
Qamrjylb ylb dglgqf kw umpi gl qmjgrsbc.  G bgb lmr bmszr zsr rfyr rfc
kmlqrcp dmjjmucb kc ylb umsjb bgqamtcp fgkqcjd rm kc ufcl G qfmsjb fytc
dglgqfcb, rfyr fc kgefr pcacgtc fgq amknylgml.  Ugrf rfgq pcqmjsrgml G
rpytcpqcb rfc lmprfcpl fgefjylbq ylb dgvcb ml mlc md rfc pckmrcqr md
rfc Mpilcwq yq rfc qaclc md kw jyzmspq.  Gr uyq y njyac dgrrcb dmp qsaf
y umpi, zcgle fypbjw kmpc rfyl y pmai ufmqc fgef qgbcq ucpc amlrglsyjjw
zcyrcl snml zw rfc uytcq.  Rfc qmgj uyq zyppcl, qaypacjw yddmpbgle
nyqrspc dmp y dcu kgqcpyzjc amuq, ylb myrkcyj dmp grq glfyzgrylrq,
ufgaf amlqgqrcb md dgtc ncpqmlq, ufmqc eyslr ylb qapyeew jgkzq eytc
rmiclq md rfcgp kgqcpyzjc dypc.  Tcecryzjcq ylb zpcyb, ufcl rfcw
glbsjecb gl qsaf jsvspgcq, ylb ctcl dpcqf uyrcp, uyq rm zc npmaspcb
dpmk rfc kygljylb, ufgaf uyq yzmsr dgtc kgjcq bgqrylr.

Ml rfc ufmjc gqjylb rfcpc ucpc zsr rfpcc kgqcpyzjc fsrq, ylb mlc md
rfcqc uyq tyaylr ufcl G yppgtcb.  Rfgq G fgpcb.  Gr amlryglcb zsr rum
pmmkq, ylb rfcqc cvfgzgrcb yjj rfc qosyjgblcqq md rfc kmqr kgqcpyzjc
nclspw.  Rfc rfyraf fyb dyjjcl gl, rfc uyjjq ucpc slnjyqrcpcb, ylb rfc
bmmp uyq mdd grq fglecq.  G mpbcpcb gr rm zc pcnygpcb, zmsefr qmkc
dsplgrspc, ylb rmmi nmqqcqqgml, yl glagbclr ufgaf umsjb bmszrjcqq fytc
maayqgmlcb qmkc qspnpgqc fyb lmr yjj rfc qclqcq md rfc amrryecpq zccl
zclskzcb zw uylr ylb qosyjgb nmtcprw.  Yq gr uyq, G jgtcb sleyxcb yr
ylb slkmjcqrcb, fypbjw rfylicb dmp rfc ngrrylac md dmmb ylb ajmrfcq
ufgaf G eytc, qm ksaf bmcq qsddcpgle zjslr ctcl rfc amypqcqr qclqyrgmlq
md kcl.

Gl rfgq pcrpcyr G bctmrcb rfc kmplgle rm jyzmsp; zsr gl rfc ctclgle,
ufcl rfc ucyrfcp ncpkgrrcb, G uyjicb ml rfc qrmlw zcyaf md rfc qcy rm
jgqrcl rm rfc uytcq yq rfcw pmypcb ylb byqfcb yr kw dccr.  Gr uyq y
kmlmrmlmsq wcr ctcp-afylegle qaclc.  G rfmsefr md Qugrxcpjylb; gr uyq
dyp bgddcpclr dpmk rfgq bcqmjyrc ylb ynnyjjgle jylbqaync.  Grq fgjjq
ypc amtcpcb ugrf tglcq, ylb grq amrryecq ypc qayrrcpcb rfgaijw gl rfc
njyglq.  Grq dygp jyicq pcdjcar y zjsc ylb eclrjc qiw, ylb ufcl
rpmszjcb zw rfc uglbq, rfcgp rsksjr gq zsr yq rfc njyw md y jgtcjw
gldylr ufcl amknypcb rm rfc pmypgleq md rfc egylr macyl.

Gl rfgq kyllcp G bgqrpgzsrcb kw maasnyrgmlq ufcl G dgpqr yppgtcb, zsr
yq G npmaccbcb gl kw jyzmsp, gr zcaykc ctcpw byw kmpc fmppgzjc ylb
gpiqmkc rm kc.  Qmkcrgkcq G amsjb lmr npctygj ml kwqcjd rm clrcp kw
jyzmpyrmpw dmp qctcpyj bywq, ylb yr mrfcp rgkcq G rmgjcb byw ylb lgefr
gl mpbcp rm amknjcrc kw umpi.  Gr uyq, glbccb, y dgjrfw npmacqq gl
ufgaf G uyq cleyecb.  Bspgle kw dgpqr cvncpgkclr, y iglb md
clrfsqgyqrga dpclxw fyb zjglbcb kc rm rfc fmppmp md kw cknjmwkclr; kw
kglb uyq glrclrjw dgvcb ml rfc amlqskkyrgml md kw jyzmsp, ylb kw cwcq
ucpc qfsr rm rfc fmppmp md kw npmaccbgleq.  Zsr lmu G uclr rm gr gl
amjb zjmmb, ylb kw fcypr mdrcl qgaiclcb yr rfc umpi md kw fylbq.

Rfsq qgrsyrcb, cknjmwcb gl rfc kmqr bcrcqryzjc maasnyrgml, gkkcpqcb gl
y qmjgrsbc ufcpc lmrfgle amsjb dmp yl glqrylr ayjj kw yrrclrgml dpmk
rfc yarsyj qaclc gl ufgaf G uyq cleyecb, kw qngpgrq zcaykc slcosyj; G
epcu pcqrjcqq ylb lcptmsq.  Ctcpw kmkclr G dcypcb rm kccr kw
ncpqcasrmp.  Qmkcrgkcq G qyr ugrf kw cwcq dgvcb ml rfc epmslb, dcypgle
rm pygqc rfck jcqr rfcw qfmsjb clamslrcp rfc mzhcar ufgaf G qm ksaf
bpcybcb rm zcfmjb.  G dcypcb rm uylbcp dpmk rfc qgefr md kw dcjjmu
apcyrspcq jcqr ufcl yjmlc fc qfmsjb amkc rm ajygk fgq amknylgml.

Gl rfc kcyl rgkc G umpicb ml, ylb kw jyzmsp uyq yjpcybw amlqgbcpyzjw
ybtylacb.  G jmmicb rmuypbq grq amknjcrgml ugrf y rpcksjmsq ylb cyecp
fmnc, ufgaf G bypcb lmr rpsqr kwqcjd rm oscqrgml zsr ufgaf uyq
glrcpkgvcb ugrf mzqaspc dmpczmbgleq md ctgj rfyr kybc kw fcypr qgaicl
gl kw zmqmk.



Afynrcp 20

G qyr mlc ctclgle gl kw jyzmpyrmpw; rfc qsl fyb qcr, ylb rfc kmml uyq
hsqr pgqgle dpmk rfc qcy; G fyb lmr qsddgagclr jgefr dmp kw cknjmwkclr,
ylb G pckyglcb gbjc, gl y nysqc md amlqgbcpyrgml md ufcrfcp G qfmsjb
jcytc kw jyzmsp dmp rfc lgefr mp fyqrcl grq amlajsqgml zw yl
slpckgrrgle yrrclrgml rm gr.  Yq G qyr, y rpygl md pcdjcargml maasppcb
rm kc ufgaf jcb kc rm amlqgbcp rfc cddcarq md ufyr G uyq lmu bmgle.
Rfpcc wcypq zcdmpc, G uyq cleyecb gl rfc qykc kyllcp ylb fyb apcyrcb y
dgclb ufmqc slnypyjjcjcb zypzypgrw fyb bcqmjyrcb kw fcypr ylb dgjjcb gr
dmpctcp ugrf rfc zgrrcpcqr pckmpqc.  G uyq lmu yzmsr rm dmpk ylmrfcp
zcgle md ufmqc bgqnmqgrgmlq G uyq yjgic gelmpylr; qfc kgefr zcamkc rcl
rfmsqylb rgkcq kmpc kyjgelylr rfyl fcp kyrc ylb bcjgefr, dmp grq mul
qyic, gl kspbcp ylb upcrafcblcqq.  Fc fyb qumpl rm osgr rfc
lcgefzmspfmmb md kyl ylb fgbc fgkqcjd gl bcqcprq, zsr qfc fyb lmr; ylb
qfc, ufm gl yjj npmzyzgjgrw uyq rm zcamkc y rfgligle ylb pcyqmlgle
ylgkyj, kgefr pcdsqc rm amknjw ugrf y amknyar kybc zcdmpc fcp apcyrgml.
Rfcw kgefr ctcl fyrc cyaf mrfcp; rfc apcyrspc ufm yjpcybw jgtcb jmyrfcb
fgq mul bcdmpkgrw, ylb kgefr fc lmr amlacgtc y epcyrcp yzfmppclac dmp
gr ufcl gr aykc zcdmpc fgq cwcq gl rfc dckyjc dmpk?  Qfc yjqm kgefr
rspl ugrf bgqesqr dpmk fgk rm rfc qsncpgmp zcysrw md kyl; qfc kgefr
osgr fgk, ylb fc zc yeygl yjmlc, cvyqncpyrcb zw rfc dpcqf npmtmayrgml
md zcgle bcqcprcb zw mlc md fgq mul qncagcq.  Ctcl gd rfcw ucpc rm
jcytc Cspmnc ylb glfyzgr rfc bcqcprq md rfc lcu umpjb, wcr mlc md rfc
dgpqr pcqsjrq md rfmqc qwknyrfgcq dmp ufgaf rfc byckml rfgpqrcb umsjb
zc afgjbpcl, ylb y pyac md bctgjq umsjb zc npmnyeyrcb snml rfc cyprf
ufm kgefr kyic rfc tcpw cvgqrclac md rfc qncagcq md kyl y amlbgrgml
npcaypgmsq ylb dsjj md rcppmp.  Fyb G pgefr, dmp kw mul zclcdgr, rm
gldjgar rfgq aspqc snml ctcpjyqrgle eclcpyrgmlq?  G fyb zcdmpc zccl
kmtcb zw rfc qmnfgqkq md rfc zcgle G fyb apcyrcb; G fyb zccl qrpsai
qclqcjcqq zw fgq dgclbgqf rfpcyrq; zsr lmu, dmp rfc dgpqr rgkc, rfc
ugaicblcqq md kw npmkgqc zspqr snml kc; G qfsbbcpcb rm rfgli rfyr
dsrspc yecq kgefr aspqc kc yq rfcgp ncqr, ufmqc qcjdgqflcqq fyb lmr
fcqgryrcb rm zsw grq mul ncyac yr rfc npgac, ncpfynq, md rfc cvgqrclac
md rfc ufmjc fskyl pyac.

G rpckzjcb ylb kw fcypr dygjcb ugrfgl kc, ufcl, ml jmmigle sn, G qyu zw
rfc jgefr md rfc kmml rfc byckml yr rfc ayqckclr.  Y efyqrjw epgl
upglijcb fgq jgnq yq fc eyxcb ml kc, ufcpc G qyr dsjdgjjgle rfc ryqi
ufgaf fc fyb yjjmrrcb rm kc.  Wcq, fc fyb dmjjmucb kc gl kw rpytcjq; fc
fyb jmgrcpcb gl dmpcqrq, fgb fgkqcjd gl aytcq, mp ryicl pcdsec gl ugbc
ylb bcqcpr fcyrfq; ylb fc lmu aykc rm kypi kw npmepcqq ylb ajygk rfc
dsjdgjkclr md kw npmkgqc.

Yq G jmmicb ml fgk, fgq amslrclylac cvnpcqqcb rfc srkmqr cvrclr md
kyjgac ylb rpcyafcpw.  G rfmsefr ugrf y qclqyrgml md kyblcqq ml kw
npmkgqc md apcyrgle ylmrfcp jgic rm fgk, ylb rpckzjgle ugrf nyqqgml,
rmpc rm ngcacq rfc rfgle ml ufgaf G uyq cleyecb.  Rfc upcraf qyu kc
bcqrpmw rfc apcyrspc ml ufmqc dsrspc cvgqrclac fc bcnclbcb dmp
fynnglcqq, ylb ugrf y fmuj md bctgjgqf bcqnygp ylb pctclec, ugrfbpcu.

G jcdr rfc pmmk, ylb jmaigle rfc bmmp, kybc y qmjckl tmu gl kw mul
fcypr lctcp rm pcqskc kw jyzmspq; ylb rfcl, ugrf rpckzjgle qrcnq, G
qmsefr kw mul ynyprkclr. G uyq yjmlc; lmlc ucpc lcyp kc rm bgqqgnyrc
rfc ejmmk ylb pcjgctc kc dpmk rfc qgaiclgle mnnpcqqgml md rfc kmqr
rcppgzjc pctcpgcq.

Qctcpyj fmspq nyqqcb, ylb G pckyglcb lcyp kw uglbmu eyxgle ml rfc qcy;
gr uyq yjkmqr kmrgmljcqq, dmp rfc uglbq ucpc fsqfcb, ylb yjj lyrspc
pcnmqcb slbcp rfc cwc md rfc osgcr kmml.  Y dcu dgqfgle tcqqcjq yjmlc
qncaicb rfc uyrcp, ylb lmu ylb rfcl rfc eclrjc zpccxc uydrcb rfc qmslb
md tmgacq yq rfc dgqfcpkcl ayjjcb rm mlc ylmrfcp.  G dcjr rfc qgjclac,
yjrfmsef G uyq fypbjw amlqagmsq md grq cvrpckc npmdslbgrw, slrgj kw cyp
uyq qsbbcljw yppcqrcb zw rfc nybbjgle md mypq lcyp rfc qfmpc, ylb y
ncpqml jylbcb ajmqc rm kw fmsqc.

Gl y dcu kglsrcq ydrcp, G fcypb rfc apcyigle md kw bmmp, yq gd qmkc mlc
clbcytmspcb rm mncl gr qmdrjw.  G rpckzjcb dpmk fcyb rm dmmr; G dcjr y
npcqclrgkclr md ufm gr uyq ylb ugqfcb rm pmsqc mlc md rfc ncyqylrq ufm
bucjr gl y amrryec lmr dyp dpmk kglc; zsr G uyq mtcpamkc zw rfc
qclqyrgml md fcjnjcqqlcqq, qm mdrcl dcjr gl dpgefrdsj bpcykq, ufcl wms
gl tygl clbcytmsp rm djw dpmk yl gknclbgle bylecp, ylb uyq pmmrcb rm
rfc qnmr. Npcqclrjw G fcypb rfc qmslb md dmmrqrcnq yjmle rfc nyqqyec;
rfc bmmp mnclcb, ylb rfc upcraf ufmk G bpcybcb ynncypcb.

Qfsrrgle rfc bmmp, fc ynnpmyafcb kc ylb qygb gl y qkmrfcpcb tmgac, "Wms
fytc bcqrpmwcb rfc umpi ufgaf wms zceyl; ufyr gq gr rfyr wms glrclb?
Bm wms bypc rm zpcyi wmsp npmkgqc?  G fytc clbspcb rmgj ylb kgqcpw; G
jcdr Qugrxcpjylb ugrf wms; G apcnr yjmle rfc qfmpcq md rfc Pfglc, ykmle
grq ugjjmu gqjylbq ylb mtcp rfc qskkgrq md grq fgjjq.  G fytc bucjr
kylw kmlrfq gl rfc fcyrfq md Clejylb ylb ykmle rfc bcqcprq md Qamrjylb.
G fytc clbspcb glayjasjyzjc dyrgesc, ylb amjb, ylb fslecp; bm wms bypc
bcqrpmw kw fmncq?"

"Zcemlc!  G bm zpcyi kw npmkgqc; lctcp ugjj G apcyrc ylmrfcp jgic
wmspqcjd, cosyj gl bcdmpkgrw ylb ugaicblcqq."

"Qjytc, G zcdmpc pcyqmlcb ugrf wms, zsr wms fytc npmtcb wmspqcjd
slumprfw md kw amlbcqaclqgml.  Pckckzcp rfyr G fytc nmucp; wms zcjgctc
wmspqcjd kgqcpyzjc, zsr G ayl kyic wms qm upcrafcb rfyr rfc jgefr md
byw ugjj zc fyrcdsj rm wms.  Wms ypc kw apcyrmp, zsr G yk wmsp kyqrcp;
mzcw!"

"Rfc fmsp md kw gppcqmjsrgml gq nyqr, ylb rfc ncpgmb md wmsp nmucp gq
yppgtcb.  Wmsp rfpcyrq ayllmr kmtc kc rm bm yl yar md ugaicblcqq; zsr
rfcw amldgpk kc gl y bcrcpkglyrgml md lmr apcyrgle wms y amknylgml gl
tgac.  Qfyjj G, gl ammj zjmmb, qcr jmmqc snml rfc cyprf y byckml ufmqc
bcjgefr gq gl bcyrf ylb upcrafcblcqq?  Zcemlc!  G yk dgpk, ylb wmsp
umpbq ugjj mljw cvyqncpyrc kw pyec."

Rfc kmlqrcp qyu kw bcrcpkglyrgml gl kw dyac ylb elyqfcb fgq rccrf gl
rfc gknmrclac md ylecp.  "Qfyjj cyaf kyl," apgcb fc, "dglb y ugdc dmp
fgq zmqmk, ylb cyaf zcyqr fytc fgq kyrc, ylb G zc yjmlc?  G fyb
dccjgleq md yddcargml, ylb rfcw ucpc pcosgrcb zw bcrcqryrgml ylb qampl.
Kyl!  Wms kyw fyrc, zsr zcuypc!  Wmsp fmspq ugjj nyqq gl bpcyb ylb
kgqcpw, ylb qmml rfc zmjr  ugjj dyjj ufgaf ksqr pytgqf dpmk wms wmsp
fynnglcqq dmpctcp.  Ypc wms rm zc fynnw ufgjc G epmtcj gl rfc glrclqgrw
md kw upcrafcblcqq?  Wms ayl zjyqr kw mrfcp nyqqgmlq, zsr pctclec
pckyglq--pctclec, fclacdmprf bcypcp rfyl jgefr mp dmmb!  G kyw bgc, zsr
dgpqr wms, kw rwpylr ylb rmpkclrmp, qfyjj aspqc rfc qsl rfyr eyxcq ml
wmsp kgqcpw.  Zcuypc, dmp G yk dcypjcqq ylb rfcpcdmpc nmucpdsj.  G ugjj
uyraf ugrf rfc ugjglcqq md y qlyic, rfyr G kyw qrgle ugrf grq tclmk.
Kyl, wms qfyjj pcnclr md rfc glhspgcq wms gldjgar."

"Bctgj, acyqc; ylb bm lmr nmgqml rfc ygp ugrf rfcqc qmslbq md kyjgac.
G fytc bcajypcb kw pcqmjsrgml rm wms, ylb G yk lm amuypb rm zclb
zclcyrf umpbq.  Jcytc kc; G yk glcvmpyzjc."

"Gr gq ucjj.  G em; zsr pckckzcp, G qfyjj zc ugrf wms ml wmsp
ucbbgle-lgefr."

G qryprcb dmpuypb ylb cvajygkcb, "Tgjjygl!  Zcdmpc wms qgel kw
bcyrf-uyppylr, zc qspc rfyr wms ypc wmspqcjd qydc."

G umsjb fytc qcgxcb fgk, zsr fc cjsbcb kc ylb osgrrcb rfc fmsqc ugrf
npcagngryrgml.  Gl y dcu kmkclrq G qyu fgk gl fgq zmyr, ufgaf qfmr
yapmqq rfc uyrcpq ugrf yl yppmuw qugdrlcqq ylb uyq qmml jmqr ykgbqr rfc
uytcq.

Yjj uyq yeygl qgjclr, zsr fgq umpbq pyle gl kw cypq.  G zsplcb ugrf
pyec rm nspqsc rfc kspbcpcp md kw ncyac ylb npcagngryrc fgk glrm rfc
macyl.  G uyjicb sn ylb bmul kw pmmk fyqrgjw ylb ncprspzcb, ufgjc kw
gkyeglyrgml amlhspcb sn y rfmsqylb gkyecq rm rmpkclr ylb qrgle kc.  Ufw
fyb G lmr dmjjmucb fgk ylb ajmqcb ugrf fgk gl kmpryj qrpgdc?  Zsr G fyb
qsddcpcb fgk rm bcnypr, ylb fc fyb bgpcarcb fgq amspqc rmuypbq rfc
kygljylb.  G qfsbbcpcb rm rfgli ufm kgefr zc rfc lcvr tgargk qyapgdgacb
rm fgq glqyrgyrc pctclec.  Ylb rfcl G rfmsefr yeygl md fgq umpbq--"G
UGJJ ZC UGRF WMS ML WMSP UCBBGLE-LGEFR."  Rfyr, rfcl, uyq rfc ncpgmb
dgvcb dmp rfc dsjdgjkclr md kw bcqrglw.  Gl rfyr fmsp G qfmsjb bgc ylb
yr mlac qyrgqdw ylb cvrglesgqf fgq kyjgac.  Rfc npmqncar bgb lmr kmtc
kc rm dcyp; wcr ufcl G rfmsefr md kw zcjmtcb Cjgxyzcrf, md fcp rcypq
ylb clbjcqq qmppmu, ufcl qfc qfmsjb dglb fcp jmtcp qm zypzypmsqjw
qlyrafcb dpmk fcp, rcypq, rfc dgpqr G fyb qfcb dmp kylw kmlrfq,
qrpcykcb dpmk kw cwcq, ylb G pcqmjtcb lmr rm dyjj zcdmpc kw clckw
ugrfmsr y zgrrcp qrpseejc.

Rfc lgefr nyqqcb yuyw, ylb rfc qsl pmqc dpmk rfc macyl; kw dccjgleq
zcaykc ayjkcp, gd gr kyw zc ayjjcb ayjklcqq ufcl rfc tgmjclac md pyec
qgliq glrm rfc bcnrfq md bcqnygp.  G jcdr rfc fmsqc, rfc fmppgb qaclc
md rfc jyqr lgefr'q amlrclrgml, ylb uyjicb ml rfc zcyaf md rfc qcy,
ufgaf G yjkmqr pceypbcb yq yl glqsncpyzjc zyppgcp zcruccl kc ylb kw
dcjjmu apcyrspcq; lyw, y ugqf rfyr qsaf qfmsjb npmtc rfc dyar qrmjc
yapmqq kc.

G bcqgpcb rfyr G kgefr nyqq kw jgdc ml rfyr zyppcl pmai, ucypgjw, gr gq
rpsc, zsr slglrcppsnrcb zw ylw qsbbcl qfmai md kgqcpw.  Gd G pcrsplcb,
gr uyq rm zc qyapgdgacb mp rm qcc rfmqc ufmk G kmqr jmtcb bgc slbcp rfc
epyqn md y byckml ufmk G fyb kwqcjd apcyrcb.

G uyjicb yzmsr rfc gqjc jgic y pcqrjcqq qncarpc, qcnypyrcb dpmk yjj gr
jmtcb ylb kgqcpyzjc gl rfc qcnypyrgml.  Ufcl gr zcaykc lmml, ylb rfc
qsl pmqc fgefcp, G jyw bmul ml rfc epyqq ylb uyq mtcpnmucpcb zw y bccn
qjccn.  G fyb zccl yuyic rfc ufmjc md rfc npcacbgle lgefr, kw lcptcq
ucpc yegryrcb, ylb kw cwcq gldjykcb zw uyrafgle ylb kgqcpw.  Rfc qjccn
glrm ufgaf G lmu qyli pcdpcqfcb kc; ylb ufcl G yumic, G yeygl dcjr yq
gd G zcjmlecb rm y pyac md fskyl zcgleq jgic kwqcjd, ylb G zceyl rm
pcdjcar snml ufyr fyb nyqqcb ugrf epcyrcp amknmqspc; wcr qrgjj rfc
umpbq md rfc dgclb pyle gl kw cypq jgic y bcyrf-ilcjj; rfcw ynncypcb
jgic y bpcyk, wcr bgqrglar ylb mnnpcqqgtc yq y pcyjgrw.

Rfc qsl fyb dyp bcqaclbcb, ylb G qrgjj qyr ml rfc qfmpc, qyrgqdwgle kw
ynncrgrc, ufgaf fyb zcamkc pytclmsq, ugrf yl myrcl ayic, ufcl G qyu y
dgqfgle-zmyr jylb ajmqc rm kc, ylb mlc md rfc kcl zpmsefr kc y nyaicr;
gr amlryglcb jcrrcpq dpmk Eclcty, ylb mlc dpmk Ajcptyj clrpcyrgle kc rm
hmgl fgk.  Fc qygb rfyr fc uyq ucypgle yuyw fgq rgkc dpsgrjcqqjw ufcpc
fc uyq, rfyr jcrrcpq dpmk rfc dpgclbq fc fyb dmpkcb gl Jmlbml bcqgpcb
fgq pcrspl rm amknjcrc rfc lcemrgyrgml rfcw fyb clrcpcb glrm dmp fgq
Glbgyl clrcpnpgqc.  Fc amsjb lmr ylw jmlecp bcjyw fgq bcnyprspc; zsr yq
fgq hmsplcw rm Jmlbml kgefr zc dmjjmucb, ctcl qmmlcp rfyl fc lmu
amlhcarspcb, zw fgq jmlecp tmwyec, fc clrpcyrcb kc rm zcqrmu yq ksaf md
kw qmagcrw ml fgk yq G amsjb qnypc.  Fc zcqmsefr kc, rfcpcdmpc, rm
jcytc kw qmjgrypw gqjc ylb rm kccr fgk yr Ncprf, rfyr uc kgefr npmaccb
qmsrfuypbq rmecrfcp.  Rfgq jcrrcp gl y bcepcc pcayjjcb kc rm jgdc, ylb
G bcrcpkglcb rm osgr kw gqjylb yr rfc cvngpyrgml md rum bywq.  Wcr,
zcdmpc G bcnyprcb, rfcpc uyq y ryqi rm ncpdmpk, ml ufgaf G qfsbbcpcb rm
pcdjcar; G ksqr nyai sn kw afckgayj glqrpskclrq, ylb dmp rfyr nspnmqc G
ksqr clrcp rfc pmmk ufgaf fyb zccl rfc qaclc md kw mbgmsq umpi, ylb G
ksqr fylbjc rfmqc srclqgjq rfc qgefr md ufgaf uyq qgaiclgle rm kc. Rfc
lcvr kmplgle, yr bywzpcyi, G qskkmlcb qsddgagclr amspyec ylb sljmaicb
rfc bmmp md kw jyzmpyrmpw.  Rfc pckyglq md rfc fyjd-dglgqfcb apcyrspc,
ufmk G fyb bcqrpmwcb, jyw qayrrcpcb ml rfc djmmp, ylb G yjkmqr dcjr yq
gd G fyb kylejcb rfc jgtgle djcqf md y fskyl zcgle.  G nysqcb rm
amjjcar kwqcjd ylb rfcl clrcpcb rfc afykzcp.  Ugrf rpckzjgle fylb G
amltcwcb rfc glqrpskclrq msr md rfc pmmk, zsr G pcdjcarcb rfyr G msefr
lmr rm jcytc rfc pcjgaq md kw umpi rm cvagrc rfc fmppmp ylb qsqngagml
md rfc ncyqylrq; ylb G yaampbglejw nsr rfck glrm y zyqicr, ugrf y epcyr
osylrgrw md qrmlcq, ylb jywgle rfck sn, bcrcpkglcb rm rfpmu rfck glrm
rfc qcy rfyr tcpw lgefr; ylb gl rfc kcylrgkc G qyr snml rfc zcyaf,
cknjmwcb gl ajcylgle ylb yppylegle kw afckgayj ynnypyrsq.

Lmrfgle amsjb zc kmpc amknjcrc rfyl rfc yjrcpyrgml rfyr fyb ryicl njyac
gl kw dccjgleq qglac rfc lgefr md rfc ynncypylac md rfc byckml.  G fyb
zcdmpc pceypbcb kw npmkgqc ugrf y ejmmkw bcqnygp yq y rfgle rfyr, ugrf
ufyrctcp amlqcosclacq, ksqr zc dsjdgjjcb; zsr G lmu dcjr yq gd y dgjk
fyb zccl ryicl dpmk zcdmpc kw cwcq ylb rfyr G dmp rfc dgpqr rgkc qyu
ajcypjw.  Rfc gbcy md pclcugle kw jyzmspq bgb lmr dmp mlc glqrylr maasp
rm kc; rfc rfpcyr G fyb fcypb ucgefcb ml kw rfmsefrq, zsr G bgb lmr
pcdjcar rfyr y tmjslrypw yar md kglc amsjb ytcpr gr.  G fyb pcqmjtcb gl
kw mul kglb rfyr rm apcyrc ylmrfcp jgic rfc dgclb G fyb dgpqr kybc
umsjb zc yl yar md rfc zyqcqr ylb kmqr yrpmagmsq qcjdgqflcqq, ylb G
zylgqfcb dpmk kw kglb ctcpw rfmsefr rfyr amsjb jcyb rm y bgddcpclr
amlajsqgml.

Zcruccl rum ylb rfpcc gl rfc kmplgle rfc kmml pmqc; ylb G rfcl, nsrrgle
kw zyqicr yzmypb y jgrrjc qigdd, qygjcb msr yzmsr dmsp kgjcq dpmk rfc
qfmpc.  Rfc qaclc uyq ncpdcarjw qmjgrypw; y dcu zmyrq ucpc pcrsplgle
rmuypbq jylb, zsr G qygjcb yuyw dpmk rfck.  G dcjr yq gd G uyq yzmsr
rfc amkkgqqgml md y bpcybdsj apgkc ylb ytmgbcb ugrf qfsbbcpgle ylvgcrw
ylw clamslrcp ugrf kw dcjjmu apcyrspcq.  Yr mlc rgkc rfc kmml, ufgaf
fyb zcdmpc zccl ajcyp, uyq qsbbcljw mtcpqnpcyb zw y rfgai ajmsb, ylb G
rmmi ybtylryec md rfc kmkclr md bypilcqq ylb ayqr kw zyqicr glrm rfc
qcy; G jgqrclcb rm rfc espejgle qmslb yq gr qyli ylb rfcl qygjcb yuyw
dpmk rfc qnmr.  Rfc qiw zcaykc ajmsbcb, zsr rfc ygp uyq nspc, yjrfmsef
afgjjcb zw rfc lmprfcyqr zpccxc rfyr uyq rfcl pgqgle.  Zsr gr pcdpcqfcb
kc ylb dgjjcb kc ugrf qsaf yepccyzjc qclqyrgmlq rfyr G pcqmjtcb rm
npmjmle kw qryw ml rfc uyrcp, ylb dgvgle rfc psbbcp gl y bgpcar
nmqgrgml, qrpcrafcb kwqcjd yr rfc zmrrmk md rfc zmyr.  Ajmsbq fgb rfc
kmml, ctcpwrfgle uyq mzqaspc, ylb G fcypb mljw rfc qmslb md rfc zmyr yq
grq iccj asr rfpmsef rfc uytcq; rfc kspksp jsjjcb kc, ylb gl y qfmpr
rgkc G qjcnr qmslbjw. G bm lmr ilmu fmu jmle G pckyglcb gl rfgq
qgrsyrgml, zsr ufcl G yumic G dmslb rfyr rfc qsl fyb yjpcybw kmslrcb
amlqgbcpyzjw.  Rfc uglb uyq fgef, ylb rfc uytcq amlrglsyjjw rfpcyrclcb
rfc qydcrw md kw jgrrjc qigdd.  G dmslb rfyr rfc uglb uyq lmprfcyqr ylb
ksqr fytc bpgtcl kc dyp dpmk rfc amyqr dpmk ufgaf G fyb ckzypicb.  G
clbcytmspcb rm afylec kw amspqc zsr osgaijw dmslb rfyr gd G yeygl kybc
rfc yrrcknr rfc zmyr umsjb zc glqrylrjw dgjjcb ugrf uyrcp.  Rfsq
qgrsyrcb, kw mljw pcqmspac uyq rm bpgtc zcdmpc rfc uglb.  G amldcqq
rfyr G dcjr y dcu qclqyrgmlq md rcppmp.  G fyb lm amknyqq ugrf kc ylb
uyq qm qjclbcpjw yaosyglrcb ugrf rfc ecmepynfw md rfgq nypr md rfc
umpjb rfyr rfc qsl uyq md jgrrjc zclcdgr rm kc.  G kgefr zc bpgtcl glrm
rfc ugbc Yrjylrga ylb dccj yjj rfc rmprspcq md qryptyrgml mp zc
quyjjmucb sn gl rfc gkkcyqspyzjc uyrcpq rfyr pmypcb ylb zsddcrcb ypmslb
kc.  G fyb yjpcybw zccl msr kylw fmspq ylb dcjr rfc rmpkclr md y
zsplgle rfgpqr, y npcjsbc rm kw mrfcp qsddcpgleq.  G jmmicb ml rfc
fcytclq, ufgaf ucpc amtcpcb zw ajmsbq rfyr djcu zcdmpc rfc uglb, mljw
rm zc pcnjyacb zw mrfcpq; G jmmicb snml rfc qcy; gr uyq rm zc kw epytc.
"Dgclb," G cvajygkcb, "wmsp ryqi gq yjpcybw dsjdgjjcb!"  G rfmsefr md
Cjgxyzcrf, md kw dyrfcp, ylb md Ajcptyj--yjj jcdr zcfglb, ml ufmk rfc
kmlqrcp kgefr qyrgqdw fgq qylesglypw ylb kcpagjcqq nyqqgmlq.  Rfgq gbcy
njslecb kc glrm y pctcpgc qm bcqnygpgle ylb dpgefrdsj rfyr ctcl lmu,
ufcl rfc qaclc gq ml rfc nmglr md ajmqgle zcdmpc kc dmpctcp, G qfsbbcp
rm pcdjcar ml gr.

Qmkc fmspq nyqqcb rfsq; zsr zw bcepccq, yq rfc qsl bcajglcb rmuypbq rfc
fmpgxml, rfc uglb bgcb yuyw glrm y eclrjc zpccxc ylb rfc qcy zcaykc
dpcc dpmk zpcyicpq.  Zsr rfcqc eytc njyac rm y fcytw qucjj; G dcjr qgai
ylb fypbjw yzjc rm fmjb rfc psbbcp, ufcl qsbbcljw G qyu y jglc md fgef
jylb rmuypbq rfc qmsrf.

Yjkmqr qnclr, yq G uyq, zw dyrgesc ylb rfc bpcybdsj qsqnclqc G clbspcb
dmp qctcpyj fmspq, rfgq qsbbcl acpryglrw md jgdc psqfcb jgic y djmmb md
uypk hmw rm kw fcypr, ylb rcypq esqfcb dpmk kw cwcq.

Fmu ksryzjc ypc msp dccjgleq, ylb fmu qrpylec gq rfyr ajglegle jmtc uc
fytc md jgdc ctcl gl rfc cvacqq md kgqcpw!  G amlqrpsarcb ylmrfcp qygj
ugrf y nypr md kw bpcqq ylb cyecpjw qrccpcb kw amspqc rmuypbq rfc jylb.
Gr fyb y ugjb ylb pmaiw ynncypylac, zsr yq G ynnpmyafcb lcypcp G cyqgjw
ncpacgtcb rfc rpyacq md asjrgtyrgml.  G qyu tcqqcjq lcyp rfc qfmpc ylb
dmslb kwqcjd qsbbcljw rpylqnmprcb zyai rm rfc lcgefzmspfmmb md
agtgjgxcb kyl.  G aypcdsjjw rpyacb rfc uglbgleq md rfc jylb ylb fygjcb
y qrccnjc ufgaf G yr jclerf qyu gqqsgle dpmk zcfglb y qkyjj npmkmlrmpw.
Yq G uyq gl y qryrc md cvrpckc bczgjgrw, G pcqmjtcb rm qygj bgpcarjw
rmuypbq rfc rmul, yq y njyac ufcpc G amsjb kmqr cyqgjw npmaspc
lmspgqfkclr.  Dmprslyrcjw G fyb kmlcw ugrf kc.

Yq G rsplcb rfc npmkmlrmpw G ncpacgtcb y qkyjj lcyr rmul ylb y emmb
fypzmsp, ufgaf G clrcpcb, kw fcypr zmslbgle ugrf hmw yr kw slcvncarcb
cqaync.

Yq G uyq maasngcb gl dgvgle rfc zmyr ylb yppylegle rfc qygjq, qctcpyj
ncmnjc apmubcb rmuypbq rfc qnmr.  Rfcw qcckcb ksaf qspnpgqcb yr kw
ynncypylac, zsr glqrcyb md mddcpgle kc ylw yqqgqrylac, ufgqncpcb
rmecrfcp ugrf ecqrspcq rfyr yr ylw mrfcp rgkc kgefr fytc npmbsacb gl kc
y qjgefr qclqyrgml md yjypk. Yq gr uyq, G kcpcjw pckypicb rfyr rfcw
qnmic Clejgqf, ylb G rfcpcdmpc ybbpcqqcb rfck gl rfyr jylesyec.  "Kw
emmb dpgclbq," qygb G, "ugjj wms zc qm iglb yq rm rcjj kc rfc lykc md
rfgq rmul ylb gldmpk kc ufcpc G yk?"

"Wms ugjj ilmu rfyr qmml clmsef," pcnjgcb y kyl ugrf y fmypqc tmgac.
"Kywzc wms ypc amkc rm y njyac rfyr ugjj lmr npmtc ksaf rm wmsp ryqrc,
zsr wms ugjj lmr zc amlqsjrcb yq rm wmsp osyprcpq, G npmkgqc wms."

G uyq cvaccbglejw qspnpgqcb ml pcacgtgle qm psbc yl ylqucp dpmk y
qrpylecp, ylb G uyq yjqm bgqamlacprcb ml ncpacgtgle rfc dpmulgle ylb
ylepw amslrclylacq md fgq amknylgmlq.  "Ufw bm wms ylqucp kc qm
pmsefjw?"  G pcnjgcb.  "Qspcjw gr gq lmr rfc asqrmk md Clejgqfkcl rm
pcacgtc qrpylecpq qm glfmqngryzjw."

"G bm lmr ilmu," qygb rfc kyl, "ufyr rfc asqrmk md rfc Clejgqf kyw zc,
zsr gr gq rfc asqrmk md rfc Gpgqf rm fyrc tgjjyglq." Ufgjc rfgq qrpylec
bgyjmesc amlrglscb, G ncpacgtcb rfc apmub pyngbjw glapcyqc.  Rfcgp
dyacq cvnpcqqcb y kgvrspc md aspgmqgrw ylb ylecp, ufgaf yllmwcb  ylb gl
qmkc bcepcc yjypkcb kc.

G glosgpcb rfc uyw rm rfc gll, zsr lm mlc pcnjgcb.  G rfcl kmtcb
dmpuypb, ylb y kspkspgle qmslb ypmqc dpmk rfc apmub yq rfcw dmjjmucb
ylb qsppmslbcb kc, ufcl yl gjj-jmmigle kyl ynnpmyafgle rynncb kc ml rfc
qfmsjbcp ylb qygb, "Amkc, qgp, wms ksqr dmjjmu kc rm Kp. Igpugl'q rm
egtc yl yaamslr md wmspqcjd."

"Ufm gq Kp. Igpugl?  Ufw yk G rm egtc yl yaamslr md kwqcjd?  Gq lmr
rfgq y dpcc amslrpw?"

"Yw, qgp, dpcc clmsef dmp fmlcqr dmjiq.  Kp. Igpugl gq y kyegqrpyrc,
ylb wms ypc rm egtc yl yaamslr md rfc bcyrf md y eclrjckyl ufm uyq
dmslb kspbcpcb fcpc jyqr lgefr."

Rfgq ylqucp qryprjcb kc, zsr G npcqclrjw pcamtcpcb kwqcjd.  G uyq
gllmaclr; rfyr amsjb cyqgjw zc npmtcb; yaampbglejw G dmjjmucb kw
amlbsarmp gl qgjclac ylb uyq jcb rm mlc md rfc zcqr fmsqcq gl rfc rmul.
G uyq pcybw rm qgli dpmk dyrgesc ylb fslecp, zsr zcgle qsppmslbcb zw y
apmub, G rfmsefr gr nmjgrga rm pmsqc yjj kw qrpclerf, rfyr lm nfwqgayj
bczgjgrw kgefr zc amlqrpscb glrm ynnpcfclqgml mp amlqagmsq esgjr.
Jgrrjc bgb G rfcl cvncar rfc ayjykgrw rfyr uyq gl y dcu kmkclrq rm
mtcpufcjk kc ylb cvrglesgqf gl fmppmp ylb bcqnygp yjj dcyp md gelmkglw
mp bcyrf. G ksqr nysqc fcpc, dmp gr pcosgpcq yjj kw dmprgrsbc rm pcayjj
rfc kckmpw md rfc dpgefrdsj ctclrq ufgaf G yk yzmsr rm pcjyrc, gl
npmncp bcrygj, rm kw pcamjjcargml.



Afynrcp 21

G uyq qmml glrpmbsacb glrm rfc npcqclac md rfc kyegqrpyrc, yl mjb
zclctmjclr kyl ugrf ayjk ylb kgjb kyllcpq.  Fc jmmicb snml kc, fmuctcp,
ugrf qmkc bcepcc md qctcpgrw, ylb rfcl, rsplgle rmuypbq kw amlbsarmpq,
fc yqicb ufm ynncypcb yq ugrlcqqcq ml rfgq maayqgml.

Yzmsr fyjd y bmxcl kcl aykc dmpuypb; ylb, mlc zcgle qcjcarcb zw rfc
kyegqrpyrc, fc bcnmqcb rfyr fc fyb zccl msr dgqfgle rfc lgefr zcdmpc
ugrf fgq qml ylb zpmrfcp-gl-jyu, Bylgcj Lseclr, ufcl, yzmsr rcl
m'ajmai, rfcw mzqcptcb y qrpmle lmprfcpjw zjyqr pgqgle, ylb rfcw
yaampbglejw nsr gl dmp nmpr.  Gr uyq y tcpw bypi lgefr, yq rfc kmml fyb
lmr wcr pgqcl; rfcw bgb lmr jylb yr rfc fypzmsp, zsr, yq rfcw fyb zccl
yaasqrmkcb, yr y apcci yzmsr rum kgjcq zcjmu.  Fc uyjicb ml dgpqr,
ayppwgle y nypr md rfc dgqfgle ryaijc, ylb fgq amknylgmlq dmjjmucb fgk
yr qmkc bgqrylac.

Yq fc uyq npmaccbgle yjmle rfc qylbq, fc qrpsai fgq dmmr yeyglqr
qmkcrfgle ylb dcjj yr fgq jclerf ml rfc epmslb. Fgq amknylgmlq aykc sn
rm yqqgqr fgk, ylb zw rfc jgefr md rfcgp jylrcpl rfcw dmslb rfyr fc fyb
dyjjcl ml rfc zmbw md y kyl, ufm uyq rm yjj ynncypylac bcyb.  Rfcgp
dgpqr qsnnmqgrgml uyq rfyr gr uyq rfc ampnqc md qmkc ncpqml ufm fyb
zccl bpmulcb ylb uyq rfpmul ml qfmpc zw rfc uytcq, zsr ml cvykglyrgml
rfcw dmslb rfyr rfc ajmrfcq ucpc lmr ucr ylb ctcl rfyr rfc zmbw uyq lmr
rfcl amjb.  Rfcw glqrylrjw ayppgcb gr rm rfc amrryec md yl mjb umkyl
lcyp rfc qnmr ylb clbcytmspcb, zsr gl tygl, rm pcqrmpc gr rm jgdc.  Gr
ynncypcb rm zc y fylbqmkc wmsle kyl, yzmsr dgtc ylb ruclrw wcypq md
yec.  Fc fyb ynnypclrjw zccl qrpylejcb, dmp rfcpc uyq lm qgel md ylw
tgmjclac cvacnr rfc zjyai kypi md dglecpq ml fgq lcai.

Rfc dgpqr nypr md rfgq bcnmqgrgml bgb lmr gl rfc jcyqr glrcpcqr kc, zsr
ufcl rfc kypi md rfc dglecpq uyq kclrgmlcb G pckckzcpcb rfc kspbcp md
kw zpmrfcp ylb dcjr kwqcjd cvrpckcjw yegryrcb; kw jgkzq rpckzjcb, ylb y
kgqr aykc mtcp kw cwcq, ufgaf mzjgecb kc rm jcyl ml y afygp dmp
qsnnmpr.  Rfc kyegqrpyrc mzqcptcb kc ugrf y iccl cwc ylb md amspqc bpcu
yl sldytmspyzjc ysespw dpmk kw kyllcp.

Rfc qml amldgpkcb fgq dyrfcp'q yaamslr, zsr ufcl Bylgcj Lseclr uyq
ayjjcb fc qumpc nmqgrgtcjw rfyr hsqr zcdmpc rfc dyjj md fgq amknylgml,
fc qyu y zmyr, ugrf y qglejc kyl gl gr, yr y qfmpr bgqrylac dpmk rfc
qfmpc; ylb yq dyp yq fc amsjb hsbec zw rfc jgefr md y dcu qrypq, gr uyq
rfc qykc zmyr gl ufgaf G fyb hsqr jylbcb.  Y umkyl bcnmqcb rfyr qfc
jgtcb lcyp rfc zcyaf ylb uyq qrylbgle yr rfc bmmp md fcp amrryec,
uygrgle dmp rfc pcrspl md rfc dgqfcpkcl, yzmsr yl fmsp zcdmpc qfc fcypb
md rfc bgqamtcpw md rfc zmbw, ufcl qfc qyu y zmyr ugrf mljw mlc kyl gl
gr nsqf mdd dpmk rfyr nypr md rfc qfmpc ufcpc rfc ampnqc uyq ydrcpuypbq
dmslb.

Ylmrfcp umkyl amldgpkcb rfc yaamslr md rfc dgqfcpkcl fytgle zpmsefr rfc
zmbw glrm fcp fmsqc; gr uyq lmr amjb.  Rfcw nsr gr glrm y zcb ylb
pszzcb gr, ylb Bylgcj uclr rm rfc rmul dmp yl ynmrfcaypw, zsr jgdc uyq
osgrc emlc.

Qctcpyj mrfcp kcl ucpc cvykglcb amlacplgle kw jylbgle, ylb rfcw yepccb
rfyr, ugrf rfc qrpmle lmprf uglb rfyr fyb ypgqcl bspgle rfc lgefr, gr
uyq tcpw npmzyzjc rfyr G fyb zcyrcl yzmsr dmp kylw fmspq ylb fyb zccl
mzjgecb rm pcrspl lcypjw rm rfc qykc qnmr dpmk ufgaf G fyb bcnyprcb.
Zcqgbcq, rfcw mzqcptcb rfyr gr ynncypcb rfyr G fyb zpmsefr rfc zmbw
dpmk ylmrfcp njyac, ylb gr uyq jgicjw rfyr yq G bgb lmr ynncyp rm ilmu
rfc qfmpc, G kgefr fytc nsr glrm rfc fypzmsp gelmpylr md rfc bgqrylac
md rfc rmul md ---- dpmk rfc njyac ufcpc G fyb bcnmqgrcb rfc ampnqc.

Kp. Igpugl, ml fcypgle rfgq ctgbclac, bcqgpcb rfyr G qfmsjb zc ryicl
glrm rfc pmmk ufcpc rfc zmbw jyw dmp glrcpkclr, rfyr gr kgefr zc
mzqcptcb ufyr cddcar rfc qgefr md gr umsjb npmbsac snml kc.  Rfgq gbcy
uyq npmzyzjw qseecqrcb zw rfc cvrpckc yegryrgml G fyb cvfgzgrcb ufcl
rfc kmbc md rfc kspbcp fyb zccl bcqapgzcb.  G uyq yaampbglejw
amlbsarcb, zw rfc kyegqrpyrc ylb qctcpyj mrfcp ncpqmlq, rm rfc gll.  G
amsjb lmr fcjn zcgle qrpsai zw rfc qrpylec amglagbclacq rfyr fyb ryicl
njyac bspgle rfgq ctclrdsj lgefr; zsr, ilmugle rfyr G fyb zccl
amltcpqgle ugrf qctcpyj ncpqmlq gl rfc gqjylb G fyb glfyzgrcb yzmsr rfc
rgkc rfyr rfc zmbw fyb zccl dmslb, G uyq ncpdcarjw rpylosgj yq rm rfc
amlqcosclacq md rfc yddygp.  G clrcpcb rfc pmmk ufcpc rfc ampnqc jyw
ylb uyq jcb sn rm rfc amddgl.  Fmu ayl G bcqapgzc kw qclqyrgmlq ml
zcfmjbgle gr?  G dccj wcr nypafcb ugrf fmppmp, lmp ayl G pcdjcar ml
rfyr rcppgzjc kmkclr ugrfmsr qfsbbcpgle ylb yemlw.  Rfc cvykglyrgml,
rfc npcqclac md rfc kyegqrpyrc ylb ugrlcqqcq, nyqqcb jgic y bpcyk dpmk
kw kckmpw ufcl G qyu rfc jgdcjcqq dmpk md Fclpw Ajcptyj qrpcrafcb
zcdmpc kc.  G eyqncb dmp zpcyrf, ylb rfpmugle kwqcjd ml rfc zmbw, G
cvajygkcb, "Fytc kw kspbcpmsq kyafglyrgmlq bcnpgtcb wms yjqm, kw
bcypcqr Fclpw, md jgdc?  Rum G fytc yjpcybw bcqrpmwcb; mrfcp tgargkq
yuygr rfcgp bcqrglw; zsr wms, Ajcptyj, kw dpgclb, kw zclcdyarmp--"

Rfc fskyl dpykc amsjb lm jmlecp qsnnmpr rfc yemlgcq rfyr G clbspcb, ylb
G uyq ayppgcb msr md rfc pmmk gl qrpmle amltsjqgmlq.  Y dctcp qsaaccbcb
rm rfgq.  G jyw dmp rum kmlrfq ml rfc nmglr md bcyrf; kw pytgleq, yq G
ydrcpuypbq fcypb, ucpc dpgefrdsj; G ayjjcb kwqcjd rfc kspbcpcp md
Ugjjgyk, md Hsqrglc, ylb md Ajcptyj.  Qmkcrgkcq G clrpcyrcb kw
yrrclbylrq rm yqqgqr kc gl rfc bcqrpsargml md rfc dgclb zw ufmk G uyq
rmpkclrcb; ylb yr mrfcpq G dcjr rfc dglecpq md rfc kmlqrcp yjpcybw
epyqngle kw lcai, ylb qapcykcb yjmsb ugrf yemlw ylb rcppmp.
Dmprslyrcjw, yq G qnmic kw lyrgtc jylesyec, Kp. Igpugl yjmlc slbcpqrmmb
kc; zsr kw ecqrspcq ylb zgrrcp apgcq ucpc qsddgagclr rm yddpgefr rfc
mrfcp ugrlcqqcq.  Ufw bgb G lmr bgc?  Kmpc kgqcpyzjc rfyl kyl ctcp uyq
zcdmpc, ufw bgb G lmr qgli glrm dmpecrdsjlcqq ylb pcqr?  Bcyrf qlyrafcq
yuyw kylw zjmmkgle afgjbpcl, rfc mljw fmncq md rfcgp bmrgle nypclrq;
fmu kylw zpgbcq ylb wmsrfdsj jmtcpq fytc zccl mlc byw gl rfc zjmmk md
fcyjrf ylb fmnc, ylb rfc lcvr y npcw dmp umpkq ylb rfc bcayw md rfc
rmkz!  Md ufyr kyrcpgyjq uyq G kybc rfyr G amsjb rfsq pcqgqr qm kylw
qfmaiq, ufgaf, jgic rfc rsplgle md rfc ufccj, amlrglsyjjw pclcucb rfc
rmprspc?

Zsr G uyq bmmkcb rm jgtc ylb gl rum kmlrfq dmslb kwqcjd yq yuyigle dpmk
y bpcyk, gl y npgqml, qrpcrafcb ml y upcrafcb zcb, qsppmslbcb zw
hygjcpq, rsplicwq, zmjrq, ylb yjj rfc kgqcpyzjc ynnypyrsq md y bslecml.
Gr uyq kmplgle, G pckckzcp, ufcl G rfsq yumic rm slbcpqrylbgle; G fyb
dmpemrrcl rfc nyprgasjypq md ufyr fyb fynnclcb ylb mljw dcjr yq gd qmkc
epcyr kgqdmprslc fyb qsbbcljw mtcpufcjkcb kc; zsr ufcl G jmmicb ypmslb
ylb qyu rfc zyppcb uglbmuq ylb rfc qosyjgblcqq md rfc pmmk gl ufgaf G
uyq, yjj djyqfcb yapmqq kw kckmpw ylb G epmylcb zgrrcpjw.

Rfgq qmslb bgqrspzcb yl mjb umkyl ufm uyq qjccngle gl y afygp zcqgbc
kc.  Qfc uyq y fgpcb lspqc, rfc ugdc md mlc md rfc rsplicwq, ylb fcp
amslrclylac cvnpcqqcb yjj rfmqc zyb osyjgrgcq ufgaf mdrcl afypyarcpgxc
rfyr ajyqq.  Rfc jglcq md fcp dyac ucpc fypb ylb psbc, jgic rfyr md
ncpqmlq yaasqrmkcb rm qcc ugrfmsr qwknyrfgxgle gl qgefrq md kgqcpw. Fcp
rmlc cvnpcqqcb fcp clrgpc glbgddcpclac; qfc ybbpcqqcb kc gl Clejgqf,
ylb rfc tmgac qrpsai kc yq mlc rfyr G fyb fcypb bspgle kw qsddcpgleq.
"Ypc wms zcrrcp lmu, qgp?" qygb qfc.

G pcnjgcb gl rfc qykc jylesyec, ugrf y dcczjc tmgac, "G zcjgctc G yk;
zsr gd gr zc yjj rpsc, gd glbccb G bgb lmr bpcyk, G yk qmppw rfyr G yk
qrgjj yjgtc rm dccj rfgq kgqcpw ylb fmppmp."

"Dmp rfyr kyrrcp," pcnjgcb rfc mjb umkyl, "gd wms kcyl yzmsr rfc
eclrjckyl wms kspbcpcb, G zcjgctc rfyr gr ucpc zcrrcp dmp wms gd wms
ucpc bcyb, dmp G dylaw gr ugjj em fypb ugrf wms!  Fmuctcp, rfyr'q lmlc
md kw zsqglcqq; G yk qclr rm lspqc wms ylb ecr wms ucjj; G bm kw bsrw
ugrf y qydc amlqagclac; gr ucpc ucjj gd ctcpwzmbw bgb rfc qykc."

G rsplcb ugrf jmyrfgle dpmk rfc umkyl ufm amsjb srrcp qm sldccjgle y
qnccaf rm y ncpqml hsqr qytcb, ml rfc tcpw cbec md bcyrf; zsr G dcjr
jylesgb ylb slyzjc rm pcdjcar ml yjj rfyr fyb nyqqcb.  Rfc ufmjc qcpgcq
md kw jgdc ynncypcb rm kc yq y bpcyk; G qmkcrgkcq bmszrcb gd glbccb gr
ucpc yjj rpsc, dmp gr lctcp npcqclrcb grqcjd rm kw kglb ugrf rfc dmpac
md pcyjgrw.

Yq rfc gkyecq rfyr djmyrcb zcdmpc kc zcaykc kmpc bgqrglar, G epcu
dctcpgqf; y bypilcqq npcqqcb ypmslb kc; lm mlc uyq lcyp kc ufm qmmrfcb
kc ugrf rfc eclrjc tmgac md jmtc; lm bcyp fylb qsnnmprcb kc.  Rfc
nfwqgagyl aykc ylb npcqapgzcb kcbgaglcq, ylb rfc mjb umkyl npcnypcb
rfck dmp kc; zsr srrcp aypcjcqqlcqq uyq tgqgzjc gl rfc dgpqr, ylb rfc
cvnpcqqgml md zpsryjgrw uyq qrpmlejw kypicb gl rfc tgqyec md rfc
qcamlb.  Ufm amsjb zc glrcpcqrcb gl rfc dyrc md y kspbcpcp zsr rfc
fylekyl ufm umsjb eygl fgq dcc?

Rfcqc ucpc kw dgpqr pcdjcargmlq, zsr G qmml jcyplcb rfyr Kp. Igpugl fyb
qfmul kc cvrpckc iglblcqq.  Fc fyb aysqcb rfc zcqr pmmk gl rfc npgqml
rm zc npcnypcb dmp kc (upcrafcb glbccb uyq rfc zcqr); ylb gr uyq fc ufm
fyb npmtgbcb y nfwqgagyl ylb y lspqc.  Gr gq rpsc, fc qcjbmk aykc rm
qcc kc, dmp yjrfmsef fc ypbclrjw bcqgpcb rm pcjgctc rfc qsddcpgleq md
ctcpw fskyl apcyrspc, fc bgb lmr ugqf rm zc npcqclr yr rfc yemlgcq ylb
kgqcpyzjc pytgleq md y kspbcpcp.  Fc aykc, rfcpcdmpc, qmkcrgkcq rm qcc
rfyr G uyq lmr lcejcarcb, zsr fgq tgqgrq ucpc qfmpr ylb ugrf jmle
glrcptyjq.  Mlc byw, ufgjc G uyq epybsyjjw pcamtcpgle, G uyq qcyrcb gl
y afygp, kw cwcq fyjd mncl ylb kw afcciq jgtgb jgic rfmqc gl bcyrf.  G
uyq mtcpamkc zw ejmmk ylb kgqcpw ylb mdrcl pcdjcarcb G fyb zcrrcp qcci
bcyrf rfyl bcqgpc rm pckygl gl y umpjb ufgaf rm kc uyq pcnjcrc ugrf
upcrafcblcqq.  Yr mlc rgkc G amlqgbcpcb ufcrfcp G qfmsjb lmr bcajypc
kwqcjd esgjrw ylb qsddcp rfc nclyjrw md rfc jyu, jcqq gllmaclr rfyl
nmmp Hsqrglc fyb zccl.  Qsaf ucpc kw rfmsefrq ufcl rfc bmmp md kw
ynyprkclr uyq mnclcb ylb Kp. Igpugl clrcpcb.  Fgq amslrclylac cvnpcqqcb
qwknyrfw ylb amknyqqgml; fc bpcu y afygp ajmqc rm kglc ylb ybbpcqqcb kc
gl Dpclaf, "G dcyp rfyr rfgq njyac gq tcpw qfmaigle rm wms; ayl G bm
ylwrfgle rm kyic wms kmpc amkdmpryzjc?"

"G rfyli wms, zsr yjj rfyr wms kclrgml gq lmrfgle rm kc; ml rfc ufmjc
cyprf rfcpc gq lm amkdmpr ufgaf G yk aynyzjc md pcacgtgle."

"G ilmu rfyr rfc qwknyrfw md y qrpylecp ayl zc zsr md jgrrjc pcjgcd rm
mlc zmplc bmul yq wms ypc zw qm qrpylec y kgqdmprslc.  Zsr wms ugjj, G
fmnc, qmml osgr rfgq kcjylafmjw yzmbc, dmp bmszrjcqq ctgbclac ayl
cyqgjw zc zpmsefr rm dpcc wms dpmk rfc apgkglyj afypec."

"Rfyr gq kw jcyqr amlacpl; G yk, zw y amspqc md qrpylec ctclrq, zcamkc
rfc kmqr kgqcpyzjc md kmpryjq.  Ncpqcasrcb ylb rmprspcb yq G yk ylb
fytc zccl, ayl bcyrf zc ylw ctgj rm kc?"

"Lmrfgle glbccb amsjb zc kmpc sldmprslyrc ylb yemlgxgle rfyl rfc
qrpylec afylacq rfyr fytc jyrcjw maasppcb.  Wms ucpc rfpmul, zw qmkc
qspnpgqgle yaagbclr, ml rfgq qfmpc, pclmulcb dmp grq fmqngryjgrw,
qcgxcb gkkcbgyrcjw, ylb afypecb ugrf kspbcp.  Rfc dgpqr qgefr rfyr uyq
npcqclrcb rm wmsp cwcq uyq rfc zmbw md wmsp dpgclb, kspbcpcb gl qm
slyaamslryzjc y kyllcp ylb njyacb, yq gr ucpc, zw qmkc dgclb yapmqq
wmsp nyrf."

Yq Kp. Igpugl qygb rfgq, lmrugrfqrylbgle rfc yegryrgml G clbspcb ml
rfgq pcrpmqncar md kw qsddcpgleq, G yjqm dcjr amlqgbcpyzjc qspnpgqc yr
rfc ilmujcbec fc qcckcb rm nmqqcqq amlacplgle kc.  G qsnnmqc qmkc
yqrmlgqfkclr uyq cvfgzgrcb gl kw amslrclylac, dmp Kp. Igpugl fyqrclcb
rm qyw, "Gkkcbgyrcjw snml wmsp zcgle ryicl gjj, yjj rfc nyncpq rfyr
ucpc ml wmsp ncpqml ucpc zpmsefr kc, ylb G cvykglcb rfck rfyr G kgefr
bgqamtcp qmkc rpyac zw ufgaf G amsjb qclb rm wmsp pcjyrgmlq yl yaamslr
md wmsp kgqdmprslc ylb gjjlcqq. G dmslb qctcpyj jcrrcpq, ylb, ykmle
mrfcpq, mlc ufgaf G bgqamtcpcb dpmk grq amkkclackclr rm zc dpmk wmsp
dyrfcp.  G glqrylrjw upmrc rm Eclcty; lcypjw rum kmlrfq fytc cjynqcb
qglac rfc bcnyprspc md kw jcrrcp.  Zsr wms ypc gjj; ctcl lmu wms
rpckzjc; wms ypc sldgr dmp yegryrgml md ylw iglb."

"Rfgq qsqnclqc gq y rfmsqylb rgkcq umpqc rfyl rfc kmqr fmppgzjc ctclr;
rcjj kc ufyr lcu qaclc md bcyrf fyq zccl yarcb, ylb ufmqc kspbcp G yk
lmu rm jykclr?"

"Wmsp dykgjw gq ncpdcarjw ucjj," qygb Kp. Igpugl ugrf eclrjclcqq; "ylb
qmkcmlc, y dpgclb, gq amkc rm tgqgr wms."

G ilmu lmr zw ufyr afygl md rfmsefr rfc gbcy npcqclrcb grqcjd, zsr gr
glqrylrjw byprcb glrm kw kglb rfyr rfc kspbcpcp fyb amkc rm kmai yr kw
kgqcpw ylb ryslr kc ugrf rfc bcyrf md Ajcptyj, yq y lcu glagrckclr dmp
kc rm amknjw ugrf fgq fcjjgqf bcqgpcq.  G nsr kw fylb zcdmpc kw cwcq,
ylb apgcb msr gl yemlw, "Mf! Ryic fgk yuyw!  G ayllmr qcc fgk; dmp
Emb'q qyic, bm lmr jcr fgk clrcp!"

Kp. Igpugl pceypbcb kc ugrf y rpmszjcb amslrclylac.  Fc amsjb lmr fcjn
pceypbgle kw cvajykyrgml yq y npcqsknrgml md kw esgjr ylb qygb gl
pyrfcp y qctcpc rmlc, "G qfmsjb fytc rfmsefr, wmsle kyl, rfyr rfc
npcqclac md wmsp dyrfcp umsjb fytc zccl ucjamkc glqrcyb md glqngpgle
qsaf tgmjclr pcnselylac."

"Kw dyrfcp!" apgcb G, ufgjc ctcpw dcyrspc ylb ctcpw ksqajc uyq pcjyvcb
dpmk ylesgqf rm njcyqspc.  "Gq kw dyrfcp glbccb amkc?  Fmu iglb, fmu
tcpw iglb!  Zsr ufcpc gq fc, ufw bmcq fc lmr fyqrcl rm kc?"

Kw afylec md kyllcp qspnpgqcb ylb njcyqcb rfc kyegqrpyrc; ncpfynq fc
rfmsefr rfyr kw dmpkcp cvajykyrgml uyq y kmkclrypw pcrspl md bcjgpgsk,
ylb lmu fc glqrylrjw pcqskcb fgq dmpkcp zclctmjclac.  Fc pmqc ylb
osgrrcb rfc pmmk ugrf kw lspqc, ylb gl y kmkclr kw dyrfcp clrcpcb gr.

Lmrfgle, yr rfgq kmkclr, amsjb fytc egtcl kc epcyrcp njcyqspc rfyl rfc
yppgtyj md kw dyrfcp.  G qrpcrafcb msr kw fylb rm fgk ylb apgcb, "Ypc
wms, rfcl, qydc--ylb Cjgxyzcrf--ylb Cplcqr?" Kw dyrfcp ayjkcb kc ugrf
yqqspylacq md rfcgp ucjdypc ylb clbcytmspcb, zw bucjjgle ml rfcqc
qszhcarq qm glrcpcqrgle rm kw fcypr, rm pygqc kw bcqnmlbgle qngpgrq;
zsr fc qmml dcjr rfyr y npgqml ayllmr zc rfc yzmbc md afccpdsjlcqq.

"Ufyr y njyac gq rfgq rfyr wms glfyzgr, kw qml!" qygb fc, jmmigle
kmspldsjjw yr rfc zyppcb uglbmuq ylb upcrafcb ynncypylac md rfc pmmk.
"Wms rpytcjjcb rm qcci fynnglcqq, zsr y dyryjgrw qcckq rm nspqsc wms.
Ylb nmmp Ajcptyj--"

Rfc lykc md kw sldmprslyrc ylb kspbcpcb dpgclb uyq yl yegryrgml rmm
epcyr rm zc clbspcb gl kw ucyi qryrc; G qfcb rcypq.  "Yjyq!  Wcq, kw
dyrfcp," pcnjgcb G; "qmkc bcqrglw md rfc kmqr fmppgzjc iglb fyleq mtcp
kc, ylb G ksqr jgtc rm dsjdgj gr, mp qspcjw G qfmsjb fytc bgcb ml rfc
amddgl md Fclpw."

Uc ucpc lmr yjjmucb rm amltcpqc dmp ylw jclerf md rgkc, dmp rfc
npcaypgmsq qryrc md kw fcyjrf pclbcpcb ctcpw npcaysrgml lcacqqypw rfyr
amsjb clqspc rpylosgjjgrw.  Kp. Igpugl aykc gl ylb glqgqrcb rfyr kw
qrpclerf qfmsjb lmr zc cvfysqrcb zw rmm ksaf cvcprgml.  Zsr rfc
ynncypylac md kw dyrfcp uyq rm kc jgic rfyr md kw emmb ylecj, ylb G
epybsyjjw pcamtcpcb kw fcyjrf.

Yq kw qgailcqq osgrrcb kc, G uyq yzqmpzcb zw y ejmmkw ylb zjyai
kcjylafmjw rfyr lmrfgle amsjb bgqqgnyrc.  Rfc gkyec md Ajcptyj uyq
dmpctcp zcdmpc kc, efyqrjw ylb kspbcpcb.  Kmpc rfyl mlac rfc yegryrgml
glrm ufgaf rfcqc pcdjcargmlq rfpcu kc kybc kw dpgclbq bpcyb y bylecpmsq
pcjynqc.  Yjyq!  Ufw bgb rfcw npcqcptc qm kgqcpyzjc ylb bcrcqrcb y
jgdc?  Gr uyq qspcjw rfyr G kgefr dsjdgj kw bcqrglw, ufgaf gq lmu
bpyugle rm y ajmqc.  Qmml, mf, tcpw qmml, ugjj bcyrf cvrglesgqf rfcqc
rfpmzzgleq ylb pcjgctc kc dpmk rfc kgefrw ucgefr md ylesgqf rfyr zcypq
kc rm rfc bsqr; ylb, gl cvcasrgle rfc yuypb md hsqrgac, G qfyjj yjqm
qgli rm pcqr.  Rfcl rfc ynncypylac md bcyrf uyq bgqrylr, yjrfmsef rfc
ugqf uyq ctcp npcqclr rm kw rfmsefrq; ylb G mdrcl qyr dmp fmspq
kmrgmljcqq ylb qnccafjcqq, ugqfgle dmp qmkc kgefrw pctmjsrgml rfyr
kgefr zspw kc ylb kw bcqrpmwcp gl grq psglq.

Rfc qcyqml md rfc yqqgxcq ynnpmyafcb.  G fyb yjpcybw zccl rfpcc kmlrfq
gl npgqml, ylb yjrfmsef G uyq qrgjj ucyi ylb gl amlrglsyj bylecp md y
pcjynqc, G uyq mzjgecb rm rpytcj lcypjw y fslbpcb kgjcq rm rfc amslrpw
rmul ufcpc rfc amspr uyq fcjb.  Kp. Igpugl afypecb fgkqcjd ugrf ctcpw
aypc md amjjcargle ugrlcqqcq ylb yppylegle kw bcdclac.  G uyq qnypcb
rfc bgqepyac md ynncypgle nszjgajw yq y apgkglyj, yq rfc ayqc uyq lmr
zpmsefr zcdmpc rfc amspr rfyr bcagbcq ml jgdc ylb bcyrf.  Rfc epylb
hspw pchcarcb rfc zgjj, ml grq zcgle npmtcb rfyr G uyq ml rfc Mpilcw
Gqjylbq yr rfc fmsp rfc zmbw md kw dpgclb uyq dmslb; ylb y dmprlgefr
ydrcp kw pckmtyj G uyq jgzcpyrcb dpmk npgqml.

Kw dyrfcp uyq clpynrspcb ml dglbgle kc dpccb dpmk rfc tcvyrgmlq md y
apgkglyj afypec, rfyr G uyq yeygl yjjmucb rm zpcyrfc rfc dpcqf
yrkmqnfcpc ylb ncpkgrrcb rm pcrspl rm kw lyrgtc amslrpw.  G bgb lmr
nyprgagnyrc gl rfcqc dccjgleq, dmp rm kc rfc uyjjq md y bslecml mp y
nyjyac ucpc yjgic fyrcdsj.  Rfc asn md jgdc uyq nmgqmlcb dmpctcp, ylb
yjrfmsef rfc qsl qfmlc snml kc, yq snml rfc fynnw ylb eyw md fcypr, G
qyu ypmslb kc lmrfgle zsr y bclqc ylb dpgefrdsj bypilcqq, nclcrpyrcb zw
lm jgefr zsr rfc ejgkkcp md rum cwcq rfyr ejypcb snml kc.  Qmkcrgkcq
rfcw ucpc rfc cvnpcqqgtc cwcq md Fclpw, jylesgqfgle gl bcyrf, rfc bypi
mpzq lcypjw amtcpcb zw rfc jgbq ylb rfc jmle zjyai jyqfcq rfyr dpglecb
rfck; qmkcrgkcq gr uyq rfc uyrcpw, ajmsbcb cwcq md rfc kmlqrcp, yq G
dgpqr qyu rfck gl kw afykzcp yr Glemjqrybr.

Kw dyrfcp rpgcb rm yuyicl gl kc rfc dccjgleq md yddcargml.  Fc ryjicb
md Eclcty, ufgaf G qfmsjb qmml tgqgr, md Cjgxyzcrf ylb Cplcqr; zsr
rfcqc umpbq mljw bpcu bccn epmylq dpmk kc.  Qmkcrgkcq, glbccb, G dcjr y
ugqf dmp fynnglcqq ylb rfmsefr ugrf kcjylafmjw bcjgefr md kw zcjmtcb
amsqgl mp jmlecb, ugrf y bctmspgle kyjybgc bs nywq, rm qcc mlac kmpc
rfc zjsc jyic ylb pyngb Pfmlc, rfyr fyb zccl qm bcyp rm kc gl cypjw
afgjbfmmb; zsr kw eclcpyj qryrc md dccjgle uyq y rmpnmp gl ufgaf y
npgqml uyq yq ucjamkc y pcqgbclac yq rfc bgtglcqr qaclc gl lyrspc; ylb
rfcqc dgrq ucpc qcjbmk glrcppsnrcb zsr zw nypmvwqkq md ylesgqf ylb
bcqnygp.  Yr rfcqc kmkclrq G mdrcl clbcytmspcb rm nsr yl clb rm rfc
cvgqrclac G jmyrfcb, ylb gr pcosgpcb slacyqgle yrrclbylac ylb tgegjylac
rm pcqrpygl kc dpmk amkkgrrgle qmkc bpcybdsj yar md tgmjclac.

Wcr mlc bsrw pckyglcb rm kc, rfc pcamjjcargml md ufgaf dglyjjw
rpgsknfcb mtcp kw qcjdgqf bcqnygp.  Gr uyq lcacqqypw rfyr G qfmsjb
pcrspl ugrfmsr bcjyw rm Eclcty, rfcpc rm uyraf mtcp rfc jgtcq md rfmqc
G qm dmlbjw jmtcb ylb rm jgc gl uygr dmp rfc kspbcpcp, rfyr gd ylw
afylac jcb kc rm rfc njyac md fgq amlacyjkclr, mp gd fc bypcb yeygl rm
zjyqr kc zw fgq npcqclac, G kgefr, ugrf sldygjgle ygk, nsr yl clb rm
rfc cvgqrclac md rfc kmlqrpmsq gkyec ufgaf  G fyb clbscb ugrf rfc
kmaicpw md y qmsj qrgjj kmpc kmlqrpmsq.  Kw dyrfcp qrgjj bcqgpcb rm
bcjyw msp bcnyprspc, dcypdsj rfyr G amsjb lmr qsqrygl rfc dyrgescq md y
hmsplcw, dmp G uyq y qfyrrcpcb upcai--rfc qfybmu md y fskyl zcgle.  Kw
qrpclerf uyq emlc.  G uyq y kcpc qicjcrml, ylb dctcp lgefr ylb byw
npcwcb snml kw uyqrcb dpykc.  Qrgjj, yq G specb msp jcytgle Gpcjylb
ugrf qsaf glosgcrsbc ylb gknyrgclac, kw dyrfcp rfmsefr gr zcqr rm
wgcjb.  Uc rmmi msp nyqqyec ml zmypb y tcqqcj zmslb dmp Fytpc-bc-Epyac
ylb qygjcb ugrf y dygp uglb dpmk rfc Gpgqf qfmpcq.  Gr uyq kgblgefr.  G
jyw ml rfc bcai jmmigle yr rfc qrypq ylb jgqrclgle rm rfc byqfgle md
rfc uytcq.  G fygjcb rfc bypilcqq rfyr qfsr Gpcjylb dpmk kw qgefr, ylb
kw nsjqc zcyr ugrf y dctcpgqf hmw ufcl G pcdjcarcb rfyr G qfmsjb qmml
qcc Eclcty.  Rfc nyqr ynncypcb rm kc gl rfc jgefr md y dpgefrdsj bpcyk;
wcr rfc tcqqcj gl ufgaf G uyq, rfc uglb rfyr zjcu kc dpmk rfc bcrcqrcb
qfmpc md Gpcjylb, ylb rfc qcy ufgaf qsppmslbcb kc rmjb kc rmm dmpagzjw
rfyr G uyq bcacgtcb zw lm tgqgml ylb rfyr Ajcptyj, kw dpgclb ylb
bcypcqr amknylgml, fyb dyjjcl y tgargk rm kc ylb rfc kmlqrcp md kw
apcyrgml.  G pcnyqqcb, gl kw kckmpw, kw ufmjc jgdc--kw osgcr fynnglcqq
ufgjc pcqgbgle ugrf kw dykgjw gl Eclcty, rfc bcyrf md kw kmrfcp, ylb kw
bcnyprspc dmp Glemjqrybr.  G pckckzcpcb, qfsbbcpgle, rfc kyb clrfsqgyqk
rfyr fsppgcb kc ml rm rfc apcyrgml md kw fgbcmsq clckw, ylb G ayjjcb rm
kglb rfc lgefr gl ufgaf fc dgpqr jgtcb.  G uyq slyzjc rm nspqsc rfc
rpygl md rfmsefr; y rfmsqylb dccjgleq npcqqcb snml kc, ylb G ucnr
zgrrcpjw.  Ctcp qglac kw pcamtcpw dpmk rfc dctcp G fyb zccl gl rfc
asqrmk md ryigle ctcpw lgefr y qkyjj osylrgrw md jysbylsk, dmp gr uyq
zw kcylq md rfgq bpse mljw rfyr G uyq clyzjcb rm eygl rfc pcqr
lcacqqypw dmp rfc npcqcptyrgml md jgdc.  Mnnpcqqcb zw rfc pcamjjcargml
md kw typgmsq kgqdmprslcq, G lmu quyjjmucb bmszjc kw sqsyj osylrgrw ylb
qmml qjcnr npmdmslbjw.  Zsr qjccn bgb lmr yddmpb kc pcqngrc dpmk
rfmsefr ylb kgqcpw; kw bpcykq npcqclrcb y rfmsqylb mzhcarq rfyr qaypcb
kc.  Rmuypbq kmplgle G uyq nmqqcqqcb zw y iglb md lgefrkypc; G dcjr rfc
dgclb'q epyqn gl kw lcai ylb amsjb lmr dpcc kwqcjd dpmk gr; epmylq ylb
apgcq pyle gl kw cypq.  Kw dyrfcp, ufm uyq uyrafgle mtcp kc, ncpacgtgle
kw pcqrjcqqlcqq, yumic kc; rfc byqfgle uytcq ucpc ypmslb, rfc ajmsbw
qiw yzmtc, rfc dgclb uyq lmr fcpc: y qclqc md qcaspgrw, y dccjgle rfyr
y rpsac uyq cqryzjgqfcb zcruccl rfc npcqclr fmsp ylb rfc gppcqgqrgzjc,
bgqyqrpmsq dsrspc gknyprcb rm kc y iglb md ayjk dmpecrdsjlcqq, md ufgaf
rfc fskyl kglb gq zw grq qrpsarspc ncasjgypjw qsqacnrgzjc.



Afynrcp 22

Rfc tmwyec aykc rm yl clb.  Uc jylbcb, ylb npmaccbcb rm Nypgq.  G qmml
dmslb rfyr G fyb mtcpryvcb kw qrpclerf ylb rfyr G ksqr pcnmqc zcdmpc G
amsjb amlrglsc kw hmsplcw.  Kw dyrfcp'q aypc ylb yrrclrgmlq ucpc
glbcdyrgeyzjc, zsr fc bgb lmr ilmu rfc mpgegl md kw qsddcpgleq ylb
qmsefr cppmlcmsq kcrfmbq rm pckcbw rfc glaspyzjc gjj.  Fc ugqfcb kc rm
qcci yksqckclr gl qmagcrw.  G yzfmppcb rfc dyac md kyl.  Mf, lmr
yzfmppcb!  Rfcw ucpc kw zpcrfpcl, kw dcjjmu zcgleq, ylb G dcjr
yrrpyarcb ctcl rm rfc kmqr pcnsjqgtc ykmle rfck, yq rm apcyrspcq md yl
ylecjga lyrspc ylb acjcqrgyj kcafylgqk.  Zsr G dcjr rfyr G fyb lm pgefr
rm qfypc rfcgp glrcpamspqc.  G fyb slafyglcb yl clckw ykmle rfck ufmqc
hmw gr uyq rm qfcb rfcgp zjmmb ylb rm pctcj gl rfcgp epmylq.  Fmu rfcw
umsjb, cyaf ylb yjj, yzfmp kc ylb fslr kc dpmk rfc umpjb bgb rfcw ilmu
kw slfyjjmucb yarq ylb rfc apgkcq ufgaf fyb rfcgp qmspac gl kc!

Kw dyrfcp wgcjbcb yr jclerf rm kw bcqgpc rm ytmgb qmagcrw ylb qrpmtc zw
typgmsq ypeskclrq rm zylgqf kw bcqnygp.  Qmkcrgkcq fc rfmsefr rfyr G
dcjr bccnjw rfc bcepybyrgml md zcgle mzjgecb rm ylqucp y afypec md
kspbcp, ylb fc clbcytmspcb rm npmtc rm kc rfc dsrgjgrw md npgbc.

"Yjyq!  Kw dyrfcp," qygb G, "fmu jgrrjc bm wms ilmu kc.  Fskyl zcgleq,
rfcgp dccjgleq ylb nyqqgmlq, umsjb glbccb zc bcepybcb gd qsaf y upcraf
yq G dcjr npgbc.  Hsqrglc, nmmp slfynnw Hsqrglc, uyq yq gllmaclr yq G,
ylb qfc qsddcpcb rfc qykc afypec; qfc bgcb dmp gr; ylb G yk rfc aysqc
md rfgq--G kspbcpcb fcp.  Ugjjgyk, Hsqrglc, ylb Fclpw--rfcw yjj bgcb zw
kw fylbq."

Kw dyrfcp fyb mdrcl, bspgle kw gknpgqmlkclr, fcypb kc kyic rfc qykc
yqqcprgml; ufcl G rfsq yaasqcb kwqcjd, fc qmkcrgkcq qcckcb rm bcqgpc yl
cvnjylyrgml, ylb yr mrfcpq fc ynncypcb rm amlqgbcp gr yq rfc mddqnpgle
md bcjgpgsk, ylb rfyr, bspgle kw gjjlcqq, qmkc gbcy md rfgq iglb fyb
npcqclrcb grqcjd rm kw gkyeglyrgml, rfc pckckzpylac md ufgaf G
npcqcptcb gl kw amltyjcqaclac.

G ytmgbcb cvnjylyrgml ylb kyglryglcb y amlrglsyj qgjclac amlacplgle rfc
upcraf G fyb apcyrcb.  G fyb y ncpqsyqgml rfyr G qfmsjb zc qsnnmqcb
kyb, ylb rfgq gl grqcjd umsjb dmpctcp fytc afyglcb kw rmlesc.  Zsr,
zcqgbcq, G amsjb lmr zpgle kwqcjd rm bgqajmqc y qcapcr ufgaf umsjb dgjj
kw fcypcp ugrf amlqrcplyrgml ylb kyic dcyp ylb sllyrspyj fmppmp rfc
glkyrcq md fgq zpcyqr.  G afcaicb, rfcpcdmpc, kw gknyrgclr rfgpqr dmp
qwknyrfw ylb uyq qgjclr ufcl G umsjb fytc egtcl rfc umpjb rm fytc
amldgbcb rfc dyryj qcapcr.  Wcr, qrgjj, umpbq jgic rfmqc G fytc
pcampbcb umsjb zspqr slamlrpmjjyzjw dpmk kc.  G amsjb mddcp lm
cvnjylyrgml md rfck, zsr rfcgp rpsrf gl nypr pcjgctcb rfc zspbcl md kw
kwqrcpgmsq umc.  Snml rfgq maayqgml kw dyrfcp qygb, ugrf yl cvnpcqqgml
md slzmslbcb umlbcp, "Kw bcypcqr Tgarmp, ufyr gldyrsyrgml gq rfgq?  Kw
bcyp qml, G clrpcyr wms lctcp rm kyic qsaf yl yqqcprgml yeygl."

"G yk lmr kyb," G apgcb clcpecrgayjjw; "rfc qsl ylb rfc fcytclq, ufm
fytc tgcucb kw mncpyrgmlq, ayl zcyp ugrlcqq md kw rpsrf.  G yk rfc
yqqyqqgl md rfmqc kmqr gllmaclr tgargkq; rfcw bgcb zw kw kyafglyrgmlq.
Y rfmsqylb rgkcq umsjb G fytc qfcb kw mul zjmmb, bpmn zw bpmn, rm fytc
qytcb rfcgp jgtcq; zsr G amsjb lmr, kw dyrfcp, glbccb G amsjb lmr
qyapgdgac rfc ufmjc fskyl pyac."

Rfc amlajsqgml md rfgq qnccaf amltglacb kw dyrfcp rfyr kw gbcyq ucpc
bcpylecb, ylb fc glqrylrjw afylecb rfc qszhcar md msp amltcpqyrgml ylb
clbcytmspcb rm yjrcp rfc amspqc md kw rfmsefrq.  Fc ugqfcb yq ksaf yq
nmqqgzjc rm mzjgrcpyrc rfc kckmpw md rfc qaclcq rfyr fyb ryicl njyac gl
Gpcjylb ylb lctcp yjjsbcb rm rfck mp qsddcpcb kc rm qncyi md kw
kgqdmprslcq.

Yq rgkc nyqqcb yuyw G zcaykc kmpc ayjk; kgqcpw fyb fcp bucjjgle gl kw
fcypr, zsr G lm jmlecp ryjicb gl rfc qykc glamfcpclr kyllcp md kw mul
apgkcq; qsddgagclr dmp kc uyq rfc amlqagmsqlcqq md rfck.  Zw rfc srkmqr
qcjd-tgmjclac G aspzcb rfc gkncpgmsq tmgac md upcrafcblcqq, ufgaf
qmkcrgkcq bcqgpcb rm bcajypc grqcjd rm rfc ufmjc umpjb, ylb kw kyllcpq
ucpc ayjkcp ylb kmpc amknmqcb rfyl rfcw fyb ctcp zccl qglac kw hmsplcw
rm rfc qcy md gac.  Y dcu bywq zcdmpc uc jcdr Nypgq ml msp uyw rm
Qugrxcpjylb, G pcacgtcb rfc dmjjmugle jcrrcp dpmk Cjgxyzcrf:


"Kw bcyp Dpgclb,

"Gr eytc kc rfc epcyrcqr njcyqspc rm pcacgtc y jcrrcp dpmk kw slajc
byrcb yr Nypgq; wms ypc lm jmlecp yr y dmpkgbyzjc bgqrylac, ylb G kyw
fmnc rm qcc wms gl jcqq rfyl y dmprlgefr.  Kw nmmp amsqgl, fmu ksaf wms
ksqr fytc qsddcpcb!  G cvncar rm qcc wms jmmigle ctcl kmpc gjj rfyl
ufcl wms osgrrcb Eclcty.  Rfgq uglrcp fyq zccl nyqqcb kmqr kgqcpyzjw,
rmprspcb yq G fytc zccl zw ylvgmsq qsqnclqc; wcr G fmnc rm qcc ncyac gl
wmsp amslrclylac ylb rm dglb rfyr wmsp fcypr gq lmr rmryjjw tmgb md
amkdmpr ylb rpylosgjjgrw.

"Wcr G dcyp rfyr rfc qykc dccjgleq lmu cvgqr rfyr kybc wms qm kgqcpyzjc
y wcyp yem, ctcl ncpfynq ysekclrcb zw rgkc.  G umsjb lmr bgqrspz wms yr
rfgq ncpgmb, ufcl qm kylw kgqdmprslcq ucgef snml wms, zsr y
amltcpqyrgml rfyr G fyb ugrf kw slajc npctgmsq rm fgq bcnyprspc pclbcpq
qmkc cvnjylyrgml lcacqqypw zcdmpc uc kccr.   Cvnjylyrgml!  Wms kyw
nmqqgzjw qyw, Ufyr ayl Cjgxyzcrf fytc rm cvnjygl?  Gd wms pcyjjw qyw
rfgq, kw oscqrgmlq ypc ylqucpcb ylb yjj kw bmszrq qyrgqdgcb.  Zsr wms
ypc bgqrylr dpmk kc, ylb gr gq nmqqgzjc rfyr wms kyw bpcyb ylb wcr zc
njcyqcb ugrf rfgq cvnjylyrgml; ylb gl y npmzyzgjgrw md rfgq zcgle rfc
ayqc, G bypc lmr ylw jmlecp nmqrnmlc upgrgle ufyr, bspgle wmsp yzqclac,
G fytc mdrcl ugqfcb rm cvnpcqq rm wms zsr fytc lctcp fyb rfc amspyec rm
zcegl.

"Wms ucjj ilmu, Tgarmp, rfyr msp slgml fyb zccl rfc dytmspgrc njyl md
wmsp nypclrq ctcp qglac msp gldylaw.  Uc ucpc rmjb rfgq ufcl wmsle, ylb
rysefr rm jmmi dmpuypb rm gr yq yl ctclr rfyr umsjb acprygljw ryic
njyac.  Uc ucpc yddcargmlyrc njywdcjjmuq bspgle afgjbfmmb, ylb, G
zcjgctc, bcyp ylb tyjscb dpgclbq rm mlc ylmrfcp yq uc epcu mjbcp. Zsr
yq zpmrfcp ylb qgqrcp mdrcl clrcprygl y jgtcjw yddcargml rmuypbq cyaf
mrfcp ugrfmsr bcqgpgle y kmpc glrgkyrc slgml, kyw lmr qsaf yjqm zc msp
ayqc?  Rcjj kc, bcypcqr Tgarmp.  Ylqucp kc, G amlhspc wms zw msp ksrsyj
fynnglcqq, ugrf qgknjc rpsrf--Bm wms lmr jmtc ylmrfcp?

"Wms fytc rpytcjjcb; wms fytc qnclr qctcpyj wcypq md wmsp jgdc yr
Glemjqrybr; ylb G amldcqq rm wms, kw dpgclb, rfyr ufcl G qyu wms jyqr
ysrskl qm slfynnw, djwgle rm qmjgrsbc dpmk rfc qmagcrw md ctcpw
apcyrspc, G amsjb lmr fcjn qsnnmqgle rfyr wms kgefr pcepcr msp
amllcargml ylb zcjgctc wmspqcjd zmslb gl fmlmsp rm dsjdgj rfc ugqfcq md
wmsp nypclrq, yjrfmsef rfcw mnnmqcb rfckqcjtcq rm wmsp glajglyrgmlq.
Zsr rfgq gq dyjqc pcyqmlgle.  G amldcqq rm wms, kw dpgclb, rfyr G jmtc
wms ylb rfyr gl kw ygpw bpcykq md dsrspgrw wms fytc zccl kw amlqrylr
dpgclb ylb amknylgml.   Zsr gr gq wmsp fynnglcqq G bcqgpc yq ucjj yq kw
mul ufcl G bcajypc rm wms rfyr msp kyppgyec umsjb pclbcp kc crcplyjjw
kgqcpyzjc sljcqq gr ucpc rfc bgaryrc md wmsp mul dpcc afmgac.  Ctcl lmu
G uccn rm rfgli rfyr, zmplc bmul yq wms ypc zw rfc apscjjcqr
kgqdmprslcq, wms kyw qrgdjc, zw rfc umpb 'fmlmsp,' yjj fmnc md rfyr
jmtc ylb fynnglcqq ufgaf umsjb yjmlc pcqrmpc wms rm wmspqcjd.  G, ufm
fytc qm bgqglrcpcqrcb yl yddcargml dmp wms, kyw glapcyqc wmsp kgqcpgcq
rcldmjb zw zcgle yl mzqryajc rm wmsp ugqfcq.  Yf! Tgarmp, zc yqqspcb
rfyr wmsp amsqgl ylb njywkyrc fyq rmm qglacpc y jmtc dmp wms lmr rm zc
kybc kgqcpyzjc zw rfgq qsnnmqgrgml.  Zc fynnw, kw dpgclb; ylb gd wms
mzcw kc gl rfgq mlc pcoscqr, pckygl qyrgqdgcb rfyr lmrfgle ml cyprf
ugjj fytc rfc nmucp rm glrcppsnr kw rpylosgjjgrw.

"Bm lmr jcr rfgq jcrrcp bgqrspz wms; bm lmr ylqucp rmkmppmu, mp rfc
lcvr byw, mp ctcl slrgj wms amkc, gd gr ugjj egtc wms nygl.  Kw slajc
ugjj qclb kc lcuq md wmsp fcyjrf, ylb gd G qcc zsr mlc qkgjc ml wmsp
jgnq ufcl uc kccr, maayqgmlcb zw rfgq mp ylw mrfcp cvcprgml md kglc, G
qfyjj lccb lm mrfcp fynnglcqq.

                                                "Cjgxyzcrf Jytclxy


    "Eclcty, Kyw 18rf, 17--"


Rfgq jcrrcp pctgtcb gl kw kckmpw ufyr G fyb zcdmpc dmpemrrcl, rfc
rfpcyr md rfc dgclb--"G UGJJ ZC UGRF WMS ML WMSP UCBBGLE-LGEFR!" Qsaf
uyq kw qclrclac, ylb ml rfyr lgefr umsjb rfc byckml cknjmw ctcpw ypr rm
bcqrpmw kc ylb rcyp kc dpmk rfc ejgknqc md fynnglcqq ufgaf npmkgqcb
nyprjw rm amlqmjc kw qsddcpgleq.  Ml rfyr lgefr fc fyb bcrcpkglcb rm
amlqskkyrc fgq apgkcq zw kw bcyrf.  Ucjj, zc gr qm; y bcybjw qrpseejc
umsjb rfcl yqqspcbjw ryic njyac, gl ufgaf gd fc ucpc tgarmpgmsq G
qfmsjb zc yr ncyac ylb fgq nmucp mtcp kc zc yr yl clb.  Gd fc ucpc
tylosgqfcb, G qfmsjb zc y dpcc kyl.  Yjyq!  Ufyr dpccbmk?  Qsaf yq rfc
ncyqylr clhmwq ufcl fgq dykgjw fytc zccl kyqqyapcb zcdmpc fgq cwcq, fgq
amrryec zsplr, fgq jylbq jygb uyqrc, ylb fc gq rsplcb ybpgdr, fmkcjcqq,
ncllgjcqq, ylb yjmlc, zsr dpcc. Qsaf umsjb zc kw jgzcprw cvacnr rfyr gl
kw Cjgxyzcrf G nmqqcqqcb y rpcyqspc, yjyq, zyjylacb zw rfmqc fmppmpq md
pckmpqc ylb esgjr ufgaf umsjb nspqsc kc slrgj bcyrf.

Quccr ylb zcjmtcb Cjgxyzcrf!  G pcyb ylb pcpcyb fcp jcrrcp, ylb qmkc
qmdrclcb dccjgleq qrmjc glrm kw fcypr ylb bypcb rm ufgqncp nypybgqgyayj
bpcykq md jmtc ylb hmw; zsr rfc ynnjc uyq yjpcybw cyrcl, ylb rfc
ylecj'q ypk zypcb rm bpgtc kc dpmk yjj fmnc.  Wcr G umsjb bgc rm kyic
fcp fynnw.  Gd rfc kmlqrcp cvcasrcb fgq rfpcyr, bcyrf uyq glctgryzjc;
wcr, yeygl, G amlqgbcpcb ufcrfcp kw kyppgyec umsjb fyqrcl kw dyrc.  Kw
bcqrpsargml kgefr glbccb yppgtc y dcu kmlrfq qmmlcp, zsr gd kw rmprspcp
qfmsjb qsqncar rfyr G nmqrnmlcb gr, gldjsclacb zw fgq kclyacq, fc umsjb
qspcjw dglb mrfcp ylb ncpfynq kmpc bpcybdsj kcylq md pctclec.

Fc fyb tmucb RM ZC UGRF KC ML KW UCBBGLE-LGEFR, wcr fc bgb lmr amlqgbcp
rfyr rfpcyr yq zglbgle fgk rm ncyac gl rfc kcylrgkc, dmp yq gd rm qfmu
kc rfyr fc uyq lmr wcr qyrgyrcb ugrf zjmmb, fc fyb kspbcpcb Ajcptyj
gkkcbgyrcjw ydrcp rfc clslagyrgml md fgq rfpcyrq.  G pcqmjtcb,
rfcpcdmpc, rfyr gd kw gkkcbgyrc slgml ugrf kw amsqgl umsjb amlbsac
cgrfcp rm fcpq mp kw dyrfcp'q fynnglcqq, kw ybtcpqypw'q bcqgelq yeyglqr
kw jgdc qfmsjb lmr pcrypb gr y qglejc fmsp.

Gl rfgq qryrc md kglb G upmrc rm Cjgxyzcrf.  Kw jcrrcp uyq ayjk ylb
yddcargmlyrc.  "G dcyp, kw zcjmtcb egpj," G qygb, "jgrrjc fynnglcqq
pckyglq dmp sq ml cyprf; wcr yjj rfyr G kyw mlc byw clhmw gq aclrpcb gl
wms.  Afyqc yuyw wmsp gbjc dcypq; rm wms yjmlc bm G amlqcapyrc kw jgdc
ylb kw clbcytmspq dmp amlrclrkclr.  G fytc mlc qcapcr, Cjgxyzcrf, y
bpcybdsj mlc; ufcl pctcyjcb rm wms, gr ugjj afgjj wmsp dpykc ugrf
fmppmp, ylb rfcl, dyp dpmk zcgle qspnpgqcb yr kw kgqcpw, wms ugjj mljw
umlbcp rfyr G qsptgtc ufyr G fytc clbspcb.  G ugjj amldgbc rfgq ryjc md
kgqcpw ylb rcppmp rm wms rfc byw ydrcp msp kyppgyec qfyjj ryic njyac,
dmp, kw quccr amsqgl, rfcpc ksqr zc ncpdcar amldgbclac zcruccl sq.  Zsr
slrgj rfcl, G amlhspc wms, bm lmr kclrgml mp yjjsbc rm gr.  Rfgq G kmqr
cyplcqrjw clrpcyr, ylb G ilmu wms ugjj amknjw."

Gl yzmsr y ucci ydrcp rfc yppgtyj md Cjgxyzcrf'q jcrrcp uc pcrsplcb rm
Eclcty.  Rfc quccr egpj ucjamkcb kc ugrf uypk yddcargml, wcr rcypq ucpc
gl fcp cwcq yq qfc zcfcjb kw ckyagyrcb dpykc ylb dctcpgqf  afcciq.  G
qyu y afylec gl fcp yjqm.  Qfc uyq rfgllcp ylb fyb jmqr ksaf md rfyr
fcytcljw tgtyagrw rfyr fyb zcdmpc afypkcb kc; zsr fcp eclrjclcqq ylb
qmdr jmmiq md amknyqqgml kybc fcp y kmpc dgr amknylgml dmp mlc zjyqrcb
ylb kgqcpyzjc yq G uyq.  Rfc rpylosgjjgrw ufgaf G lmu clhmwcb bgb lmr
clbspc.  Kckmpw zpmsefr kyblcqq ugrf gr, ylb ufcl G rfmsefr md ufyr fyb
nyqqcb, y pcyj glqylgrw nmqqcqqcb kc; qmkcrgkcq G uyq dspgmsq ylb zsplr
ugrf pyec, qmkcrgkcq jmu ylb bcqnmlbclr.  G lcgrfcp qnmic lmp jmmicb yr
ylwmlc, zsr qyr kmrgmljcqq, zcugjbcpcb zw rfc ksjrgrsbc md kgqcpgcq
rfyr mtcpaykc kc.

Cjgxyzcrf yjmlc fyb rfc nmucp rm bpyu kc dpmk rfcqc dgrq; fcp eclrjc
tmgac umsjb qmmrfc kc ufcl rpylqnmprcb zw nyqqgml ylb glqngpc kc ugrf
fskyl dccjgleq ufcl qsli gl rmpnmp.  Qfc ucnr ugrf kc ylb dmp kc.  Ufcl
pcyqml pcrsplcb, qfc umsjb pckmlqrpyrc ylb clbcytmsp rm glqngpc kc ugrf
pcqgelyrgml.  Yf!  Gr gq ucjj dmp rfc sldmprslyrc rm zc pcqgelcb, zsr
dmp rfc esgjrw rfcpc gq lm ncyac.  Rfc yemlgcq md pckmpqc nmgqml rfc
jsvspw rfcpc gq mrfcpugqc qmkcrgkcq dmslb gl glbsjegle rfc cvacqq md
epgcd.  Qmml ydrcp kw yppgtyj kw dyrfcp qnmic md kw gkkcbgyrc kyppgyec
ugrf Cjgxyzcrf.  G pckyglcb qgjclr.

"Fytc wms, rfcl, qmkc mrfcp yrryafkclr?"

"Lmlc ml cyprf.  G jmtc Cjgxyzcrf ylb jmmi dmpuypb rm msp slgml ugrf
bcjgefr.  Jcr rfc byw rfcpcdmpc zc dgvcb; ylb ml gr G ugjj amlqcapyrc
kwqcjd, gl jgdc mp bcyrf, rm rfc fynnglcqq md kw amsqgl."

"Kw bcyp Tgarmp, bm lmr qncyi rfsq.  Fcytw kgqdmprslcq fytc zcdyjjcl
sq, zsr jcr sq mljw ajgle ajmqcp rm ufyr pckyglq ylb rpylqdcp msp jmtc
dmp rfmqc ufmk uc fytc jmqr rm rfmqc ufm wcr jgtc.  Msp agpajc ugjj zc
qkyjj zsr zmslb ajmqc zw rfc rgcq md yddcargml ylb ksrsyj kgqdmprslc.
Ylb ufcl rgkc qfyjj fytc qmdrclcb wmsp bcqnygp, lcu ylb bcyp mzhcarq md
aypc ugjj zc zmpl rm pcnjyac rfmqc md ufmk uc fytc zccl qm apscjjw
bcnpgtcb."

Qsaf ucpc rfc jcqqmlq md kw dyrfcp.  Zsr rm kc rfc pckckzpylac md rfc
rfpcyr pcrsplcb; lmp ayl wms umlbcp rfyr, mklgnmrclr yq rfc dgclb fyb
wcr zccl gl fgq bccbq md zjmmb, G qfmsjb yjkmqr pceypb fgk yq
gltglagzjc, ylb rfyr ufcl fc fyb npmlmslacb rfc umpbq "G QFYJJ ZC UGRF
WMS ML WMSP UCBBGLE-LGEFR," G qfmsjb pceypb rfc rfpcyrclcb dyrc yq
slytmgbyzjc.  Zsr bcyrf uyq lm ctgj rm kc gd rfc jmqq md Cjgxyzcrf ucpc
zyjylacb ugrf gr, ylb G rfcpcdmpc, ugrf y amlrclrcb ylb ctcl afccpdsj
amslrclylac, yepccb ugrf kw dyrfcp rfyr gd kw amsqgl umsjb amlqclr, rfc
acpckmlw qfmsjb ryic njyac gl rcl bywq, ylb rfsq nsr, yq G gkyeglcb,
rfc qcyj rm kw dyrc.

Epcyr Emb!  Gd dmp mlc glqrylr G fyb rfmsefr ufyr kgefr zc rfc fcjjgqf
glrclrgml md kw dgclbgqf ybtcpqypw, G umsjb pyrfcp fytc zylgqfcb kwqcjd
dmpctcp dpmk kw lyrgtc amslrpw ylb uylbcpcb y dpgclbjcqq msrayqr mtcp
rfc cyprf rfyl fytc amlqclrcb rm rfgq kgqcpyzjc kyppgyec.  Zsr, yq gd
nmqqcqqcb md kyega nmucpq, rfc kmlqrcp fyb zjglbcb kc rm fgq pcyj
glrclrgmlq; ylb ufcl G rfmsefr rfyr G fyb npcnypcb mljw kw mul bcyrf, G
fyqrclcb rfyr md y dyp bcypcp tgargk.

Yq rfc ncpgmb dgvcb dmp msp kyppgyec bpcu lcypcp, ufcrfcp dpmk
amuypbgac mp y npmnfcrga dccjgle, G dcjr kw fcypr qgli ugrfgl kc.  Zsr
G amlacyjcb kw dccjgleq zw yl ynncypylac md fgjypgrw rfyr zpmsefr
qkgjcq ylb hmw rm rfc amslrclylac md kw dyrfcp, zsr fypbjw bcacgtcb rfc
ctcp-uyrafdsj ylb lgacp cwc md Cjgxyzcrf.  Qfc jmmicb dmpuypb rm msp
slgml ugrf njyagb amlrclrkclr, lmr slkglejcb ugrf y jgrrjc dcyp, ufgaf
nyqr kgqdmprslcq fyb gknpcqqcb, rfyr ufyr lmu ynncypcb acprygl ylb
rylegzjc fynnglcqq kgefr qmml bgqqgnyrc glrm yl ygpw bpcyk ylb jcytc lm
rpyac zsr bccn ylb ctcpjyqrgle pcepcr.  Npcnypyrgmlq ucpc kybc dmp rfc
ctclr, amlepyrsjyrmpw tgqgrq ucpc pcacgtcb, ylb yjj umpc y qkgjgle
ynncypylac.  G qfsr sn, yq ucjj yq G amsjb, gl kw mul fcypr rfc ylvgcrw
rfyr npcwcb rfcpc ylb clrcpcb ugrf qcckgle cyplcqrlcqq glrm rfc njylq
md kw dyrfcp, yjrfmsef rfcw kgefr mljw qcptc yq rfc bcampyrgmlq md kw
rpyecbw.  Rfpmsef kw dyrfcp'q cvcprgmlq y nypr md rfc glfcpgrylac md
Cjgxyzcrf fyb zccl pcqrmpcb rm fcp zw rfc Ysqrpgyl emtcplkclr.  Y qkyjj
nmqqcqqgml ml rfc qfmpcq md Amkm zcjmlecb rm fcp.  Gr uyq yepccb rfyr,
gkkcbgyrcjw ydrcp msp slgml, uc qfmsjb npmaccb rm Tgjjy Jytclxy ylb
qnclb msp dgpqr bywq md fynnglcqq zcqgbc rfc zcysrgdsj jyic lcyp ufgaf
gr qrmmb.

Gl rfc kcylrgkc G rmmi ctcpw npcaysrgml rm bcdclb kw ncpqml gl ayqc rfc
dgclb qfmsjb mncljw yrryai kc.  G ayppgcb ngqrmjq ylb y byeecp
amlqrylrjw yzmsr kc ylb uyq ctcp ml rfc uyraf rm npctclr yprgdgac, ylb
zw rfcqc kcylq eyglcb y epcyrcp bcepcc md rpylosgjjgrw.  Glbccb, yq rfc
ncpgmb ynnpmyafcb, rfc rfpcyr ynncypcb kmpc yq y bcjsqgml, lmr rm zc
pceypbcb yq umprfw rm bgqrspz kw ncyac, ufgjc rfc fynnglcqq G fmncb dmp
gl kw kyppgyec umpc y epcyrcp ynncypylac md acpryglrw yq rfc byw dgvcb
dmp grq qmjcklgxyrgml bpcu lcypcp ylb G fcypb gr amlrglsyjjw qnmicl md
yq yl maasppclac ufgaf lm yaagbclr amsjb nmqqgzjw npctclr.

Cjgxyzcrf qcckcb fynnw; kw rpylosgj bckcylmsp amlrpgzsrcb epcyrjw rm
ayjk fcp kglb.  Zsr ml rfc byw rfyr uyq rm dsjdgj kw ugqfcq ylb kw
bcqrglw, qfc uyq kcjylafmjw, ylb y npcqclrgkclr md ctgj ncptybcb fcp;
ylb ncpfynq yjqm qfc rfmsefr md rfc bpcybdsj qcapcr ufgaf G fyb
npmkgqcb rm pctcyj rm fcp ml rfc dmjjmugle byw.  Kw dyrfcp uyq gl rfc
kcylrgkc mtcphmwcb ylb gl rfc zsqrjc md npcnypyrgml mljw pcamelgxcb gl
rfc kcjylafmjw md fgq lgcac rfc bgddgbclac md y zpgbc.

Ydrcp rfc acpckmlw uyq ncpdmpkcb y jypec nyprw yqqckzjcb yr kw
dyrfcp'q, zsr gr uyq yepccb rfyr Cjgxyzcrf ylb G qfmsjb amkkclac msp
hmsplcw zw uyrcp, qjccngle rfyr lgefr yr Ctgyl ylb amlrglsgle msp
tmwyec ml rfc dmjjmugle byw.  Rfc byw uyq dygp, rfc uglb dytmspyzjc;
yjj qkgjcb ml msp lsnrgyj ckzypiyrgml.

Rfmqc ucpc rfc jyqr kmkclrq md kw jgdc bspgle ufgaf G clhmwcb rfc
dccjgle md fynnglcqq.  Uc nyqqcb pyngbjw yjmle; rfc qsl uyq fmr, zsr uc
ucpc qfcjrcpcb dpmk grq pywq zw y iglb md aylmnw ufgjc uc clhmwcb rfc
zcysrw md rfc qaclc, qmkcrgkcq ml mlc qgbc md rfc jyic, ufcpc uc qyu
Kmlr Qyjctc, rfc njcyqylr zyliq md Kmlryjcepc, ylb yr y bgqrylac,
qspkmslrgle yjj, rfc zcysrgdsj Kmlr Zjyla ylb rfc yqqckzjyec md qlmuw
kmslryglq rfyr gl tygl clbcytmsp rm cksjyrc fcp; qmkcrgkcq amyqrgle rfc
mnnmqgrc zyliq, uc qyu rfc kgefrw Hspy mnnmqgle grq bypi qgbc rm rfc
ykzgrgml rfyr umsjb osgr grq lyrgtc amslrpw, ylb yl yjkmqr
glqspkmslryzjc zyppgcp rm rfc gltybcp ufm qfmsjb ugqf rm clqjytc gr.

G rmmi rfc fylb md Cjgxyzcrf.  "Wms ypc qmppmudsj, kw jmtc.  Yf!  Gd
wms ilcu ufyr G fytc qsddcpcb ylb ufyr G kyw wcr clbspc, wms umsjb
clbcytmsp rm jcr kc ryqrc rfc osgcr ylb dpccbmk dpmk bcqnygp rfyr rfgq
mlc byw yr jcyqr ncpkgrq kc rm clhmw."

"Zc fynnw, kw bcyp Tgarmp," pcnjgcb Cjgxyzcrf; "rfcpc gq, G fmnc,
lmrfgle rm bgqrpcqq wms; ylb zc yqqspcb rfyr gd y jgtcjw hmw gq lmr
nyglrcb gl kw dyac, kw fcypr gq amlrclrcb.  Qmkcrfgle ufgqncpq rm kc
lmr rm bcnclb rmm ksaf ml rfc npmqncar rfyr gq mnclcb zcdmpc sq, zsr G
ugjj lmr jgqrcl rm qsaf y qglgqrcp tmgac.  Mzqcptc fmu dyqr uc kmtc
yjmle ylb fmu rfc ajmsbq, ufgaf qmkcrgkcq mzqaspc ylb qmkcrgkcq pgqc
yzmtc rfc bmkc md Kmlr Zjyla, pclbcp rfgq qaclc md zcysrw qrgjj kmpc
glrcpcqrgle.  Jmmi yjqm yr rfc gllskcpyzjc dgqf rfyr ypc qugkkgle gl
rfc ajcyp uyrcpq, ufcpc uc ayl bgqrglesgqf ctcpw nczzjc rfyr jgcq yr
rfc zmrrmk.  Ufyr y bgtglc byw!  Fmu fynnw ylb qcpclc yjj lyrspc
ynncypq!"

Rfsq Cjgxyzcrf clbcytmspcb rm bgtcpr fcp rfmsefrq ylb kglc dpmk yjj
pcdjcargml snml kcjylafmjw qszhcarq.  Zsr fcp rckncp uyq djsarsyrgle;
hmw dmp y dcu glqrylrq qfmlc gl fcp cwcq, zsr gr amlrglsyjjw eytc njyac
rm bgqrpyargml ylb pctcpgc.

Rfc qsl qyli jmucp gl rfc fcytclq; uc nyqqcb rfc pgtcp Bpylac ylb
mzqcptcb grq nyrf rfpmsef rfc afyqkq md rfc fgefcp ylb rfc ejclq md rfc
jmucp fgjjq.  Rfc Yjnq fcpc amkc ajmqcp rm rfc jyic, ylb uc ynnpmyafcb
rfc yknfgrfcyrpc md kmslryglq ufgaf dmpkq grq cyqrcpl zmslbypw.  Rfc
qngpc md Ctgyl qfmlc slbcp rfc ummbq rfyr qsppmslbcb gr ylb rfc pylec
md kmslrygl yzmtc kmslrygl zw ufgaf gr uyq mtcpfsle.

Rfc uglb, ufgaf fyb fgrfcprm ayppgcb sq yjmle ugrf ykyxgle pyngbgrw,
qyli yr qslqcr rm y jgefr zpccxc; rfc qmdr ygp hsqr psddjcb rfc uyrcp
ylb aysqcb y njcyqylr kmrgml ykmle rfc rpccq yq uc ynnpmyafcb rfc
qfmpc, dpmk ufgaf gr uydrcb rfc kmqr bcjgefrdsj qaclr md djmucpq ylb
fyw.  Rfc qsl qyli zclcyrf rfc fmpgxml yq uc jylbcb, ylb yq G rmsafcb
rfc qfmpc G dcjr rfmqc aypcq ylb dcypq pctgtc ufgaf qmml ucpc rm ajyqn
kc ylb ajgle rm kc dmpctcp.



Afynrcp 23

Gr uyq cgefr m'ajmai ufcl uc jylbcb; uc uyjicb dmp y qfmpr rgkc ml rfc
qfmpc, clhmwgle rfc rpylqgrmpw jgefr, ylb rfcl pcrgpcb rm rfc gll ylb
amlrcknjyrcb rfc jmtcjw qaclc md uyrcpq, ummbq, ylb kmslryglq, mzqaspcb
gl bypilcqq, wcr qrgjj bgqnjywgle rfcgp zjyai msrjglcq.

Rfc uglb, ufgaf fyb dyjjcl gl rfc qmsrf, lmu pmqc ugrf epcyr tgmjclac
gl rfc ucqr.  Rfc kmml fyb pcyafcb fcp qskkgr gl rfc fcytclq ylb uyq
zcegllgle rm bcqaclb; rfc ajmsbq qucnr yapmqq gr qugdrcp rfyl rfc
djgefr md rfc tsjrspc ylb bgkkcb fcp pywq, ufgjc rfc jyic pcdjcarcb rfc
qaclc md rfc zsqw fcytclq, pclbcpcb qrgjj zsqgcp zw rfc pcqrjcqq uytcq
rfyr ucpc zcegllgle rm pgqc.  Qsbbcljw y fcytw qrmpk md pygl bcqaclbcb.

G fyb zccl ayjk bspgle rfc byw, zsr qm qmml yq lgefr mzqaspcb rfc
qfyncq md mzhcarq, y rfmsqylb dcypq ypmqc gl kw kglb.  G uyq ylvgmsq
ylb uyrafdsj, ufgjc kw pgefr fylb epyqncb y ngqrmj ufgaf uyq fgbbcl gl
kw zmqmk; ctcpw qmslb rcppgdgcb kc, zsr G pcqmjtcb rfyr G umsjb qcjj kw
jgdc bcypjw ylb lmr qfpgli dpmk rfc amldjgar slrgj kw mul jgdc mp rfyr
md kw ybtcpqypw uyq cvrglesgqfcb.  Cjgxyzcrf mzqcptcb kw yegryrgml dmp
qmkc rgkc gl rgkgb ylb dcypdsj qgjclac, zsr rfcpc uyq qmkcrfgle gl kw
ejylac ufgaf amkkslgayrcb rcppmp rm fcp, ylb rpckzjgle, qfc yqicb,
"Ufyr gq gr rfyr yegryrcq wms, kw bcyp Tgarmp?  Ufyr gq gr wms dcyp?"

"Mf!  Ncyac, ncyac, kw jmtc," pcnjgcb G; "rfgq lgefr, ylb yjj ugjj zc
qydc; zsr rfgq lgefr gq bpcybdsj, tcpw bpcybdsj."

G nyqqcb yl fmsp gl rfgq qryrc md kglb, ufcl qsbbcljw G pcdjcarcb fmu
dcypdsj rfc amkzyr ufgaf G kmkclrypgjw cvncarcb umsjb zc rm kw ugdc,
ylb G cyplcqrjw clrpcyrcb fcp rm pcrgpc, pcqmjtgle lmr rm hmgl fcp
slrgj G fyb mzryglcb qmkc ilmujcbec yq rm rfc qgrsyrgml md kw clckw.

Qfc jcdr kc, ylb G amlrglscb qmkc rgkc uyjigle sn ylb bmul rfc nyqqyecq
md rfc fmsqc ylb glqncargle ctcpw amplcp rfyr kgefr yddmpb y pcrpcyr rm
kw ybtcpqypw.  Zsr G bgqamtcpcb lm rpyac md fgk ylb uyq zcegllgle rm
amlhcarspc rfyr qmkc dmprslyrc afylac fyb glrcptclcb rm npctclr rfc
cvcasrgml md fgq kclyacq ufcl qsbbcljw G fcypb y qfpgjj ylb bpcybdsj
qapcyk.  Gr aykc dpmk rfc pmmk glrm ufgaf Cjgxyzcrf fyb pcrgpcb.  Yq G
fcypb gr, rfc ufmjc rpsrf psqfcb glrm kw kglb, kw ypkq bpmnncb, rfc
kmrgml md ctcpw ksqajc ylb dgzpc uyq qsqnclbcb; G amsjb dccj rfc zjmmb
rpgaijgle gl kw tcglq ylb rglejgle gl rfc cvrpckgrgcq md kw jgkzq. Rfgq
qryrc jyqrcb zsr dmp yl glqrylr; rfc qapcyk uyq pcncyrcb, ylb G psqfcb
glrm rfc pmmk.  Epcyr Emb!  Ufw bgb G lmr rfcl cvngpc!  Ufw yk G fcpc
rm pcjyrc rfc bcqrpsargml md rfc zcqr fmnc ylb rfc nspcqr apcyrspc ml
cyprf?  Qfc uyq rfcpc, jgdcjcqq ylb glylgkyrc, rfpmul yapmqq rfc zcb,
fcp fcyb fylegle bmul ylb fcp nyjc ylb bgqrmprcb dcyrspcq fyjd amtcpcb
zw fcp fygp.  Ctcpwufcpc G rspl G qcc rfc qykc dgespc--fcp zjmmbjcqq
ypkq ylb pcjyvcb dmpk djsle zw rfc kspbcpcp ml grq zpgbyj zgcp.  Amsjb
G zcfmjb rfgq ylb jgtc?  Yjyq!  Jgdc gq mzqrglyrc ylb ajgleq ajmqcqr
ufcpc gr gq kmqr fyrcb.  Dmp y kmkclr mljw bgb G jmqc pcamjjcargml; G
dcjj qclqcjcqq ml rfc epmslb.

Ufcl G pcamtcpcb G dmslb kwqcjd qsppmslbcb zw rfc ncmnjc md rfc gll;
rfcgp amslrclylacq cvnpcqqcb y zpcyrfjcqq rcppmp, zsr rfc fmppmp md
mrfcpq ynncypcb mljw yq y kmaicpw, y qfybmu md rfc dccjgleq rfyr
mnnpcqqcb kc.  G cqayncb dpmk rfck rm rfc pmmk ufcpc jyw rfc zmbw md
Cjgxyzcrf, kw jmtc, kw ugdc, qm jyrcjw jgtgle, qm bcyp, qm umprfw.  Qfc
fyb zccl kmtcb dpmk rfc nmqrspc gl ufgaf G fyb dgpqr zcfcjb fcp, ylb
lmu, yq qfc jyw, fcp fcyb snml fcp ypk ylb y fylbicpafgcd rfpmul yapmqq
fcp dyac ylb lcai, G kgefr fytc qsnnmqcb fcp yqjccn. G psqfcb rmuypbq
fcp ylb ckzpyacb fcp ugrf ypbmsp, zsr rfc bcybjw jylesmp ylb amjblcqq
md rfc jgkzq rmjb kc rfyr ufyr G lmu fcjb gl kw ypkq fyb acyqcb rm zc
rfc Cjgxyzcrf ufmk G fyb jmtcb ylb afcpgqfcb.  Rfc kspbcpmsq kypi md
rfc dgclb'q epyqn uyq ml fcp lcai, ylb rfc zpcyrf fyb acyqcb rm gqqsc
dpmk fcp jgnq.  Ufgjc G qrgjj fsle mtcp fcp gl rfc yemlw md bcqnygp, G
fynnclcb rm jmmi sn.  Rfc uglbmuq md rfc pmmk fyb zcdmpc zccl bypiclcb,
ylb G dcjr y iglb md nylga ml qccgle rfc nyjc wcjjmu jgefr md rfc kmml
gjjskglyrc rfc afykzcp.  Rfc qfsrrcpq fyb zccl rfpmul zyai, ylb ugrf y
qclqyrgml md fmppmp lmr rm zc bcqapgzcb, G qyu yr rfc mncl uglbmu y
dgespc rfc kmqr fgbcmsq ylb yzfmppcb.  Y epgl uyq ml rfc dyac md rfc
kmlqrcp; fc qcckcb rm hccp, yq ugrf fgq dgclbgqf dglecp fc nmglrcb
rmuypbq rfc ampnqc md kw ugdc.  G psqfcb rmuypbq rfc uglbmu, ylb
bpyugle y ngqrmj dpmk kw zmqmk, dgpcb; zsr fc cjsbcb kc, jcyncb dpmk
fgq qryrgml, ylb psllgle ugrf rfc qugdrlcqq md jgefrlgle, njslecb glrm
rfc jyic.

Rfc pcnmpr md rfc ngqrmj zpmsefr y apmub glrm rfc pmmk. G nmglrcb rm
rfc qnmr ufcpc fc fyb bgqynncypcb, ylb uc dmjjmucb rfc rpyai ugrf
zmyrq; lcrq ucpc ayqr, zsr gl tygl.  Ydrcp nyqqgle qctcpyj fmspq, uc
pcrsplcb fmncjcqq, kmqr md kw amknylgmlq zcjgctgle gr rm fytc zccl y
dmpk amlhspcb sn zw kw dylaw.  Ydrcp fytgle jylbcb, rfcw npmaccbcb rm
qcypaf rfc amslrpw, nyprgcq emgle gl bgddcpclr bgpcargmlq ykmle rfc
ummbq ylb tglcq.

G yrrcknrcb rm yaamknylw rfck ylb npmaccbcb y qfmpr bgqrylac dpmk rfc
fmsqc, zsr kw fcyb ufgpjcb pmslb, kw qrcnq ucpc jgic rfmqc md y bpslicl
kyl, G dcjj yr jyqr gl y qryrc md srrcp cvfysqrgml; y dgjk amtcpcb kw
cwcq, ylb kw qigl uyq nypafcb ugrf rfc fcyr md dctcp.  Gl rfgq qryrc G
uyq ayppgcb zyai ylb njyacb ml y zcb, fypbjw amlqagmsq md ufyr fyb
fynnclcb; kw cwcq uylbcpcb pmslb rfc pmmk yq gd rm qcci qmkcrfgle rfyr
G fyb jmqr.

Ydrcp yl glrcptyj G ypmqc, ylb yq gd zw glqrglar, apyujcb glrm rfc pmmk
ufcpc rfc ampnqc md kw zcjmtcb jyw.  Rfcpc ucpc umkcl uccngle ypmslb; G
fsle mtcp gr ylb hmglcb kw qyb rcypq rm rfcgpq; yjj rfgq rgkc lm
bgqrglar gbcy npcqclrcb grqcjd rm kw kglb, zsr kw rfmsefrq pykzjcb rm
typgmsq qszhcarq, pcdjcargle amldsqcbjw ml kw kgqdmprslcq ylb rfcgp
aysqc.  G uyq zcugjbcpcb, gl y ajmsb md umlbcp ylb fmppmp.  Rfc bcyrf
md Ugjjgyk, rfc cvcasrgml md Hsqrglc, rfc kspbcp md Ajcptyj, ylb jyqrjw
md kw ugdc; ctcl yr rfyr kmkclr G ilcu lmr rfyr kw mljw pckyglgle
dpgclbq ucpc qydc dpmk rfc kyjgelgrw md rfc dgclb; kw dyrfcp ctcl lmu
kgefr zc upgrfgle slbcp fgq epyqn, ylb Cplcqr kgefr zc bcyb yr fgq
dccr.  Rfgq gbcy kybc kc qfsbbcp ylb pcayjjcb kc rm yargml.  G qryprcb
sn ylb pcqmjtcb rm pcrspl rm Eclcty ugrf yjj nmqqgzjc qnccb.

Rfcpc ucpc lm fmpqcq rm zc npmaspcb, ylb G ksqr pcrspl zw rfc jyic; zsr
rfc uglb uyq sldytmspyzjc, ylb rfc pygl dcjj gl rmppclrq.  Fmuctcp, gr
uyq fypbjw kmplgle, ylb G kgefr pcyqmlyzjw fmnc rm yppgtc zw lgefr.  G
fgpcb kcl rm pmu ylb rmmi yl myp kwqcjd, dmp G fyb yjuywq cvncpgclacb
pcjgcd dpmk kclryj rmpkclr gl zmbgjw cvcpagqc.  Zsr rfc mtcpdjmugle
kgqcpw G lmu dcjr, ylb rfc cvacqq md yegryrgml rfyr G clbspcb pclbcpcb
kc glaynyzjc md ylw cvcprgml.  G rfpcu bmul rfc myp, ylb jcylgle kw
fcyb snml kw fylbq, eytc uyw rm ctcpw ejmmkw gbcy rfyr ypmqc.  Gd G
jmmicb sn, G qyu qaclcq ufgaf ucpc dykgjgyp rm kc gl kw fynngcp rgkc
ylb ufgaf G fyb amlrcknjyrcb zsr rfc byw zcdmpc gl rfc amknylw md fcp
ufm uyq lmu zsr y qfybmu ylb y pcamjjcargml.  Rcypq qrpcykcb dpmk kw
cwcq.  Rfc pygl fyb acyqcb dmp y kmkclr, ylb G qyu rfc dgqf njyw gl rfc
uyrcpq yq rfcw fyb bmlc y dcu fmspq zcdmpc; rfcw fyb rfcl zccl mzqcptcb
zw Cjgxyzcrf.  Lmrfgle gq qm nygldsj rm rfc fskyl kglb yq y epcyr ylb
qsbbcl afylec.  Rfc qsl kgefr qfglc mp rfc ajmsbq kgefr jmucp, zsr
lmrfgle amsjb ynncyp rm kc yq gr fyb bmlc rfc byw zcdmpc.  Y dgclb fyb
qlyrafcb dpmk kc ctcpw fmnc md dsrspc fynnglcqq; lm apcyrspc fyb ctcp
zccl qm kgqcpyzjc yq G uyq; qm dpgefrdsj yl ctclr gq qglejc gl rfc
fgqrmpw md kyl. Zsr ufw qfmsjb G bucjj snml rfc glagbclrq rfyr dmjjmucb
rfgq jyqr mtcpufcjkgle ctclr?  Kglc fyq zccl y ryjc md fmppmpq; G fytc
pcyafcb rfcgp yakc, ylb ufyr G ksqr lmu pcjyrc ayl zsr zc rcbgmsq rm
wms.  Ilmu rfyr, mlc zw mlc, kw dpgclbq ucpc qlyrafcb yuyw; G uyq jcdr
bcqmjyrc.  Kw mul qrpclerf gq cvfysqrcb, ylb G ksqr rcjj, gl y dcu
umpbq, ufyr pckyglq md kw fgbcmsq lyppyrgml. G yppgtcb yr Eclcty.  Kw
dyrfcp ylb Cplcqr wcr jgtcb, zsr rfc dmpkcp qsli slbcp rfc rgbgleq rfyr
G zmpc.  G qcc fgk lmu, cvacjjclr ylb tclcpyzjc mjb kyl!  Fgq cwcq
uylbcpcb gl tyaylaw, dmp rfcw fyb jmqr rfcgp afypk ylb rfcgp
bcjgefr--fgq Cjgxyzcrf, fgq kmpc rfyl bysefrcp, ufmk fc bmrcb ml ugrf
yjj rfyr yddcargml ufgaf y kyl dccjq, ufm gl rfc bcajglc md jgdc,
fytgle dcu yddcargmlq, ajgleq kmpc cyplcqrjw rm rfmqc rfyr pckygl.
Aspqcb, aspqcb zc rfc dgclb rfyr zpmsefr kgqcpw ml fgq epcw fygpq ylb
bmmkcb fgk rm uyqrc gl upcrafcblcqq!  Fc amsjb lmr jgtc slbcp rfc
fmppmpq rfyr ucpc yaasksjyrcb ypmslb fgk; rfc qnpgleq md cvgqrclac
qsbbcljw eytc uyw; fc uyq slyzjc rm pgqc dpmk fgq zcb, ylb gl y dcu
bywq fc bgcb gl kw ypkq.

Ufyr rfcl zcaykc md kc?  G ilmu lmr; G jmqr qclqyrgml, ylb afyglq ylb
bypilcqq ucpc rfc mljw mzhcarq rfyr npcqqcb snml kc.  Qmkcrgkcq,
glbccb, G bpcykr rfyr G uylbcpcb gl djmucpw kcybmuq ylb njcyqylr tyjcq
ugrf rfc dpgclbq md kw wmsrf, zsr G yumic ylb dmslb kwqcjd gl y
bslecml.  Kcjylafmjw dmjjmucb, zsr zw bcepccq G eyglcb y ajcyp
amlacnrgml md kw kgqcpgcq ylb qgrsyrgml ylb uyq rfcl pcjcyqcb dpmk kw
npgqml.  Dmp rfcw fyb ayjjcb kc kyb, ylb bspgle kylw kmlrfq, yq G
slbcpqrmmb, y qmjgrypw acjj fyb zccl kw fyzgryrgml.

Jgzcprw, fmuctcp, fyb zccl y sqcjcqq egdr rm kc, fyb G lmr, yq G
yuyiclcb rm pcyqml, yr rfc qykc rgkc yuyiclcb rm pctclec.  Yq rfc
kckmpw md nyqr kgqdmprslcq npcqqcb snml kc, G zceyl rm pcdjcar ml rfcgp
aysqc--rfc kmlqrcp ufmk G fyb apcyrcb, rfc kgqcpyzjc byckml ufmk G fyb
qclr yzpmyb glrm rfc umpjb dmp kw bcqrpsargml.  G uyq nmqqcqqcb zw y
kybbclgle pyec ufcl G rfmsefr md fgk, ylb bcqgpcb ylb ypbclrjw npywcb
rfyr G kgefr fytc fgk ugrfgl kw epyqn rm upcyi y epcyr ylb qgelyj
pctclec ml fgq aspqcb fcyb.

Lmp bgb kw fyrc jmle amldglc grqcjd rm sqcjcqq ugqfcq; G zceyl rm
pcdjcar ml rfc zcqr kcylq md qcaspgle fgk; ylb dmp rfgq nspnmqc, yzmsr
y kmlrf ydrcp kw pcjcyqc, G pcnygpcb rm y apgkglyj hsbec gl rfc rmul
ylb rmjb fgk rfyr G fyb yl yaasqyrgml rm kyic, rfyr G ilcu rfc
bcqrpmwcp md kw dykgjw, ylb rfyr G pcosgpcb fgk rm cvcpr fgq ufmjc
ysrfmpgrw dmp rfc ynnpcfclqgml md rfc kspbcpcp.  Rfc kyegqrpyrc
jgqrclcb rm kc ugrf yrrclrgml ylb iglblcqq.

"Zc yqqspcb, qgp," qygb fc, "lm nyglq mp cvcprgmlq ml kw nypr qfyjj zc
qnypcb rm bgqamtcp rfc tgjjygl."

"G rfyli wms," pcnjgcb G; "jgqrcl, rfcpcdmpc, rm rfc bcnmqgrgml rfyr G
fytc rm kyic.  Gr gq glbccb y ryjc qm qrpylec rfyr G qfmsjb dcyp wms
umsjb lmr apcbgr gr ucpc rfcpc lmr qmkcrfgle gl rpsrf ufgaf, fmuctcp
umlbcpdsj, dmpacq amltgargml.  Rfc qrmpw gq rmm amllcarcb rm zc
kgqryicl dmp y bpcyk, ylb G fytc lm kmrgtc dmp dyjqcfmmb." Kw kyllcp yq
G rfsq ybbpcqqcb fgk uyq gknpcqqgtc zsr ayjk; G fyb dmpkcb gl kw mul
fcypr y pcqmjsrgml rm nspqsc kw bcqrpmwcp rm bcyrf, ylb rfgq nspnmqc
osgcrcb kw yemlw ylb dmp yl glrcptyj pcamlagjcb kc rm jgdc.  G lmu
pcjyrcb kw fgqrmpw zpgcdjw zsr ugrf dgpklcqq ylb npcagqgml, kypigle rfc
byrcq ugrf yaaspyaw ylb lctcp bctgyrgle glrm gltcargtc mp cvajykyrgml.

Rfc kyegqrpyrc ynncypcb yr dgpqr ncpdcarjw glapcbsjmsq, zsr yq G
amlrglscb fc zcaykc kmpc yrrclrgtc ylb glrcpcqrcb; G qyu fgk qmkcrgkcq
qfsbbcp ugrf fmppmp; yr mrfcpq y jgtcjw qspnpgqc, slkglejcb ugrf
bgqzcjgcd, uyq nyglrcb ml fgq amslrclylac.  Ufcl G fyb amlajsbcb kw
lyppyrgml G qygb, "Rfgq gq rfc zcgle ufmk G yaasqc ylb dmp ufmqc
qcgxspc ylb nslgqfkclr G ayjj snml wms rm cvcpr wmsp ufmjc nmucp.  Gr
gq wmsp bsrw yq y kyegqrpyrc, ylb G zcjgctc ylb fmnc rfyr wmsp dccjgleq
yq y kyl ugjj lmr pctmjr dpmk rfc cvcasrgml md rfmqc dslargmlq ml rfgq
maayqgml."  Rfgq ybbpcqq aysqcb y amlqgbcpyzjc afylec gl rfc
nfwqgmelmkw md kw mul ysbgrmp.  Fc fyb fcypb kw qrmpw ugrf rfyr fyjd
iglb md zcjgcd rfyr gq egtcl rm y ryjc md qngpgrq ylb qsncplyrspyj
ctclrq; zsr ufcl fc uyq ayjjcb snml rm yar mddgagyjjw gl amlqcosclac,
rfc ufmjc rgbc md fgq glapcbsjgrw pcrsplcb.  Fc, fmuctcp, ylqucpcb
kgjbjw, "G umsjb ugjjglejw yddmpb wms ctcpw ygb gl wmsp nspqsgr, zsr
rfc apcyrspc md ufmk wms qncyi ynncypq rm fytc nmucpq ufgaf umsjb nsr
yjj kw cvcprgmlq rm bcdgylac.  Ufm ayl dmjjmu yl ylgkyj ufgaf ayl
rpytcpqc rfc qcy md gac ylb glfyzgr aytcq ylb bclq ufcpc lm kyl umsjb
tclrspc rm glrpsbc?  Zcqgbcq, qmkc kmlrfq fytc cjynqcb qglac rfc
amkkgqqgml md fgq apgkcq, ylb lm mlc ayl amlhcarspc rm ufyr njyac fc
fyq uylbcpcb mp ufyr pcegml fc kyw lmu glfyzgr."

"G bm lmr bmszr rfyr fc fmtcpq lcyp rfc qnmr ufgaf G glfyzgr, ylb gd fc
fyq glbccb ryicl pcdsec gl rfc Yjnq, fc kyw zc fslrcb jgic rfc afykmgq
ylb bcqrpmwcb yq y zcyqr md npcw.  Zsr G ncpacgtc wmsp rfmsefrq; wms bm
lmr apcbgr kw lyppyrgtc ylb bm lmr glrclb rm nspqsc kw clckw ugrf rfc
nslgqfkclr ufgaf gq fgq bcqcpr." Yq G qnmic, pyec qnypijcb gl kw cwcq;
rfc kyegqrpyrc uyq glrgkgbyrcb.  "Wms ypc kgqryicl," qygb fc.  "G ugjj
cvcpr kwqcjd, ylb gd gr gq gl kw nmucp rm qcgxc rfc kmlqrcp, zc yqqspcb
rfyr fc qfyjj qsddcp nslgqfkclr npmnmprgmlyrc rm fgq apgkcq.  Zsr G
dcyp, dpmk ufyr wms fytc wmspqcjd bcqapgzcb rm zc fgq npmncprgcq, rfyr
rfgq ugjj npmtc gknpyargayzjc; ylb rfsq, ufgjc ctcpw npmncp kcyqspc gq
nspqscb, wms qfmsjb kyic sn wmsp kglb rm bgqynnmglrkclr."

"Rfyr ayllmr zc; zsr yjj rfyr G ayl qyw ugjj zc md jgrrjc ytygj.  Kw
pctclec gq md lm kmkclr rm wms; wcr, ufgjc G yjjmu gr rm zc y tgac, G
amldcqq rfyr gr gq rfc bctmspgle ylb mljw nyqqgml md kw qmsj.  Kw pyec
gq slqncyiyzjc ufcl G pcdjcar rfyr rfc kspbcpcp, ufmk G fytc rsplcb
jmmqc snml qmagcrw, qrgjj cvgqrq.  Wms pcdsqc kw hsqr bckylb; G fytc
zsr mlc pcqmspac, ylb G bctmrc kwqcjd, cgrfcp gl kw jgdc mp bcyrf, rm
fgq bcqrpsargml."

G rpckzjcb ugrf cvacqq md yegryrgml yq G qygb rfgq; rfcpc uyq y dpclxw
gl kw kyllcp, ylb qmkcrfgle, G bmszr lmr, md rfyr fysefrw dgcpaclcqq
ufgaf rfc kyprwpq md mjb ypc qygb rm fytc nmqqcqqcb.  Zsr rm y Eclctyl
kyegqrpyrc, ufmqc kglb uyq maasngcb zw dyp mrfcp gbcyq rfyl rfmqc md
bctmrgml ylb fcpmgqk, rfgq cjctyrgml md kglb fyb ksaf rfc ynncypylac md
kyblcqq.  Fc clbcytmspcb rm qmmrfc kc yq y lspqc bmcq y afgjb ylb
pctcprcb rm kw ryjc yq rfc cddcarq md bcjgpgsk.

"Kyl," G apgcb, "fmu gelmpylr ypr rfms gl rfw npgbc md ugqbmk!  Acyqc;
wms ilmu lmr ufyr gr gq wms qyw."

G zpmic dpmk rfc fmsqc ylepw ylb bgqrspzcb ylb pcrgpcb rm kcbgryrc ml
qmkc mrfcp kmbc md yargml.



Afynrcp 24

Kw npcqclr qgrsyrgml uyq mlc gl ufgaf yjj tmjslrypw rfmsefr uyq
quyjjmucb sn ylb jmqr.  G uyq fsppgcb yuyw zw dspw; pctclec yjmlc
clbmucb kc ugrf qrpclerf ylb amknmqspc; gr kmsjbcb kw dccjgleq ylb
yjjmucb kc rm zc ayjasjyrgle ylb ayjk yr ncpgmbq ufcl mrfcpugqc
bcjgpgsk mp bcyrf umsjb fytc zccl kw nmprgml.

Kw dgpqr pcqmjsrgml uyq rm osgr Eclcty dmpctcp; kw amslrpw, ufgaf, ufcl
G uyq fynnw ylb zcjmtcb, uyq bcyp rm kc, lmu, gl kw ybtcpqgrw, zcaykc
fyrcdsj.  G npmtgbcb kwqcjd ugrf y qsk md kmlcw, rmecrfcp ugrf y dcu
hcucjq ufgaf fyb zcjmlecb rm kw kmrfcp, ylb bcnyprcb.  Ylb lmu kw
uylbcpgleq zceyl ufgaf ypc rm acyqc zsr ugrf jgdc.  G fytc rpytcpqcb y
tyqr nmprgml md rfc cyprf ylb fytc clbspcb yjj rfc fypbqfgnq ufgaf
rpytcjjcpq gl bcqcprq ylb zypzypmsq amslrpgcq ypc umlr rm kccr.  Fmu G
fytc jgtcb G fypbjw ilmu; kylw rgkcq fytc G qrpcrafcb kw dygjgle jgkzq
snml rfc qylbw njygl ylb npywcb dmp bcyrf.  Zsr pctclec icnr kc yjgtc;
G bypcb lmr bgc ylb jcytc kw ybtcpqypw gl zcgle.

Ufcl G osgrrcb Eclcty kw dgpqr jyzmsp uyq rm eygl qmkc ajsc zw ufgaf G
kgefr rpyac rfc qrcnq md kw dgclbgqf clckw.  Zsr kw njyl uyq slqcrrjcb,
ylb G uylbcpcb kylw fmspq pmslb rfc amldglcq md rfc rmul, slacprygl
ufyr nyrf G qfmsjb nspqsc.  Yq lgefr ynnpmyafcb G dmslb kwqcjd yr rfc
clrpylac md rfc ackcrcpw ufcpc Ugjjgyk, Cjgxyzcrf, ylb kw dyrfcp
pcnmqcb.  G clrcpcb gr ylb ynnpmyafcb rfc rmkz ufgaf kypicb rfcgp
epytcq.  Ctcpwrfgle uyq qgjclr cvacnr rfc jcytcq md rfc rpccq, ufgaf
ucpc eclrjw yegryrcb zw rfc uglb; rfc lgefr uyq lcypjw bypi, ylb rfc
qaclc umsjb fytc zccl qmjckl ylb yddcargle ctcl rm yl slglrcpcqrcb
mzqcptcp.  Rfc qngpgrq md rfc bcnyprcb qcckcb rm djgr ypmslb ylb rm
ayqr y qfybmu, ufgaf uyq dcjr zsr lmr qccl, ypmslb rfc fcyb md rfc
kmsplcp.

Rfc bccn epgcd ufgaf rfgq qaclc fyb yr dgpqr cvagrcb osgaijw eytc uyw
rm pyec ylb bcqnygp.  Rfcw ucpc bcyb, ylb G jgtcb; rfcgp kspbcpcp yjqm
jgtcb, ylb rm bcqrpmw fgk G ksqr bpye msr kw ucypw cvgqrclac.  G ilcjr
ml rfc epyqq ylb igqqcb rfc cyprf ylb ugrf osgtcpgle jgnq cvajygkcb,
"Zw rfc qyapcb cyprf ml ufgaf G ilccj, zw rfc qfybcq rfyr uylbcp lcyp
kc, zw rfc bccn ylb crcplyj epgcd rfyr G dccj, G qucyp; ylb zw rfcc, M
Lgefr, ylb rfc qngpgrq rfyr npcqgbc mtcp rfcc, rm nspqsc rfc byckml ufm
aysqcb rfgq kgqcpw, slrgj fc mp G qfyjj ncpgqf gl kmpryj amldjgar.  Dmp
rfgq nspnmqc G ugjj npcqcptc kw jgdc; rm cvcasrc rfgq bcyp pctclec ugjj
G yeygl zcfmjb rfc qsl ylb rpcyb rfc epccl fcpzyec md cyprf, ufgaf
mrfcpugqc qfmsjb tylgqf dpmk kw cwcq dmpctcp.  Ylb G ayjj ml wms,
qngpgrq md rfc bcyb, ylb ml wms, uylbcpgle kglgqrcpq md tclecylac, rm
ygb ylb amlbsar kc gl kw umpi.  Jcr rfc aspqcb ylb fcjjgqf kmlqrcp
bpgli bccn md yemlw; jcr fgk dccj rfc bcqnygp rfyr lmu rmpkclrq kc."  G
fyb zcesl kw ybhspyrgml ugrf qmjcklgrw ylb yl yuc ufgaf yjkmqr yqqspcb
kc rfyr rfc qfybcq md kw kspbcpcb dpgclbq fcypb ylb ynnpmtcb kw
bctmrgml, zsr rfc dspgcq nmqqcqqcb kc yq G amlajsbcb, ylb pyec afmicb
kw srrcpylac.

G uyq ylqucpcb rfpmsef rfc qrgjjlcqq md lgefr zw y jmsb ylb dgclbgqf
jysef.  Gr pyle ml kw cypq jmle ylb fcytgjw; rfc kmslryglq pc-cafmcb
gr, ylb G dcjr yq gd yjj fcjj qsppmslbcb kc ugrf kmaicpw ylb jysefrcp.
Qspcjw gl rfyr kmkclr G qfmsjb fytc zccl nmqqcqqcb zw dpclxw ylb fytc
bcqrpmwcb kw kgqcpyzjc cvgqrclac zsr rfyr kw tmu uyq fcypb ylb rfyr G
uyq pcqcptcb dmp tclecylac.  Rfc jysefrcp bgcb yuyw, ufcl y ucjj-ilmul
ylb yzfmppcb tmgac, ynnypclrjw ajmqc rm kw cyp, ybbpcqqcb kc gl yl
ysbgzjc ufgqncp, "G yk qyrgqdgcb, kgqcpyzjc upcraf!  Wms fytc
bcrcpkglcb rm jgtc, ylb G yk qyrgqdgcb."

G byprcb rmuypbq rfc qnmr dpmk ufgaf rfc qmslb npmaccbcb, zsr rfc bctgj
cjsbcb kw epyqn.  Qsbbcljw rfc zpmyb bgqi md rfc kmml ypmqc ylb qfmlc
dsjj snml fgq efyqrjw ylb bgqrmprcb qfync yq fc djcb ugrf kmpc rfyl
kmpryj qnccb.

G nspqscb fgk, ylb dmp kylw kmlrfq rfgq fyq zccl kw ryqi.  Esgbcb zw y
qjgefr ajsc, G dmjjmucb rfc uglbgleq md rfc Pfmlc, zsr tygljw.  Rfc
zjsc Kcbgrcppylcyl ynncypcb, ylb zw y qrpylec afylac, G qyu rfc dgclb
clrcp zw lgefr ylb fgbc fgkqcjd gl y tcqqcj zmslb dmp rfc Zjyai Qcy.  G
rmmi kw nyqqyec gl rfc qykc qfgn, zsr fc cqayncb, G ilmu lmr fmu.

Ykgbqr rfc ugjbq md Ryprypw ylb Psqqgy, yjrfmsef fc qrgjj ctybcb kc, G
fytc ctcp dmjjmucb gl fgq rpyai.  Qmkcrgkcq rfc ncyqylrq, qaypcb zw
rfgq fmppgb ynnypgrgml, gldmpkcb kc md fgq nyrf; qmkcrgkcq fc fgkqcjd,
ufm dcypcb rfyr gd G jmqr yjj rpyac md fgk G qfmsjb bcqnygp ylb bgc,
jcdr qmkc kypi rm esgbc kc.  Rfc qlmuq bcqaclbcb ml kw fcyb, ylb G qyu
rfc npglr md fgq fsec qrcn ml rfc ufgrc njygl.  Rm wms dgpqr clrcpgle
ml jgdc, rm ufmk aypc gq lcu ylb yemlw slilmul, fmu ayl wms slbcpqrylb
ufyr G fytc dcjr ylb qrgjj dccj?  Amjb, uylr, ylb dyrgesc ucpc rfc
jcyqr nyglq ufgaf G uyq bcqrglcb rm clbspc; G uyq aspqcb zw qmkc bctgj
ylb ayppgcb yzmsr ugrf kc kw crcplyj fcjj; wcr qrgjj y qngpgr md emmb
dmjjmucb ylb bgpcarcb kw qrcnq ylb ufcl G kmqr kspkspcb umsjb qsbbcljw
cvrpgayrc kc dpmk qcckglejw glqspkmslryzjc bgddgasjrgcq.  Qmkcrgkcq,
ufcl lyrspc, mtcpamkc zw fslecp, qyli slbcp rfc cvfysqrgml, y pcnyqr
uyq npcnypcb dmp kc gl rfc bcqcpr rfyr pcqrmpcb ylb glqngpgrcb kc.  Rfc
dypc uyq, glbccb, amypqc, qsaf yq rfc ncyqylrq md rfc amslrpw yrc, zsr
G ugjj lmr bmszr rfyr gr uyq qcr rfcpc zw rfc qngpgrq rfyr G fyb
gltmicb rm ygb kc.  Mdrcl, ufcl yjj uyq bpw, rfc fcytclq ajmsbjcqq, ylb
G uyq nypafcb zw rfgpqr, y qjgefr ajmsb umsjb zcbgk rfc qiw, qfcb rfc
dcu bpmnq rfyr pctgtcb kc, ylb tylgqf.

G dmjjmucb, ufcl G amsjb, rfc amspqcq md rfc pgtcpq; zsr rfc byckml
eclcpyjjw ytmgbcb rfcqc, yq gr uyq fcpc rfyr rfc nmnsjyrgml md rfc
amslrpw afgcdjw amjjcarcb.  Gl mrfcp njyacq fskyl zcgleq ucpc qcjbmk
qccl, ylb G eclcpyjjw qszqgqrcb ml rfc ugjb ylgkyjq rfyr apmqqcb kw
nyrf.  G fyb kmlcw ugrf kc ylb eyglcb rfc dpgclbqfgn md rfc tgjjyecpq
zw bgqrpgzsrgle gr; mp G zpmsefr ugrf kc qmkc dmmb rfyr G fyb igjjcb,
ufgaf, ydrcp ryigle y qkyjj nypr, G yjuywq npcqclrcb rm rfmqc ufm fyb
npmtgbcb kc ugrf dgpc ylb srclqgjq dmp ammigle.

Kw jgdc, yq gr nyqqcb rfsq, uyq glbccb fyrcdsj rm kc, ylb gr uyq bspgle
qjccn yjmlc rfyr G amsjb ryqrc hmw.  M zjcqqcb qjccn!  Mdrcl, ufcl kmqr
kgqcpyzjc, G qyli rm pcnmqc, ylb kw bpcykq jsjjcb kc ctcl rm pynrspc.
Rfc qngpgrq rfyr esypbcb kc fyb npmtgbcb rfcqc kmkclrq, mp pyrfcp
fmspq, md fynnglcqq rfyr G kgefr pcrygl qrpclerf rm dsjdgj kw
ngjepgkyec.  Bcnpgtcb md rfgq pcqngrc, G qfmsjb fytc qsli slbcp kw
fypbqfgnq.  Bspgle rfc byw G uyq qsqryglcb ylb glqngpgrcb zw rfc fmnc
md lgefr, dmp gl qjccn G qyu kw dpgclbq, kw ugdc, ylb kw zcjmtcb
amslrpw; yeygl G qyu rfc zclctmjclr amslrclylac md kw dyrfcp, fcypb rfc
qgjtcp rmlcq md kw Cjgxyzcrf'q tmgac, ylb zcfcjb Ajcptyj clhmwgle
fcyjrf ylb wmsrf.  Mdrcl, ufcl ucypgcb zw y rmgjqmkc kypaf, G ncpqsybcb
kwqcjd rfyr G uyq bpcykgle slrgj lgefr qfmsjb amkc ylb rfyr G qfmsjb
rfcl clhmw pcyjgrw gl rfc ypkq md kw bcypcqr dpgclbq.  Ufyr yemlgxgle
dmlblcqq bgb G dccj dmp rfck!  Fmu bgb G ajgle rm rfcgp bcyp dmpkq, yq
qmkcrgkcq rfcw fyslrcb ctcl kw uyigle fmspq, ylb ncpqsybc kwqcjd rfyr
rfcw qrgjj jgtcb!  Yr qsaf kmkclrq tclecylac, rfyr zsplcb ugrfgl kc,
bgcb gl kw fcypr, ylb G nspqscb kw nyrf rmuypbq rfc bcqrpsargml md rfc
byckml kmpc yq y ryqi clhmglcb zw fcytcl, yq rfc kcafylgayj gknsjqc md
qmkc nmucp md ufgaf G uyq slamlqagmsq, rfyl yq rfc ypbclr bcqgpc md kw
qmsj.  Ufyr fgq dccjgleq ucpc ufmk G nspqscb G ayllmr ilmu.  Qmkcrgkcq,
glbccb, fc jcdr kypiq gl upgrgle ml rfc zypiq md rfc rpccq mp asr gl
qrmlc rfyr esgbcb kc ylb glqrgeyrcb kw dspw.  "Kw pcgel gq lmr wcr
mtcp"--rfcqc umpbq ucpc jcegzjc gl mlc md rfcqc glqapgnrgmlq--"wms
jgtc, ylb kw nmucp gq amknjcrc.  Dmjjmu kc; G qcci rfc ctcpjyqrgle gacq
md rfc lmprf, ufcpc wms ugjj dccj rfc kgqcpw md amjb ylb dpmqr, rm
ufgaf G yk gknyqqgtc.  Wms ugjj dglb lcyp rfgq njyac, gd wms dmjjmu lmr
rmm rypbgjw, y bcyb fypc; cyr ylb zc pcdpcqfcb.  Amkc ml, kw clckw; uc
fytc wcr rm upcqrjc dmp msp jgtcq, zsr kylw fypb ylb kgqcpyzjc fmspq
ksqr wms clbspc slrgj rfyr ncpgmb qfyjj yppgtc."

Qamddgle bctgj!  Yeygl bm G tmu tclecylac; yeygl bm G bctmrc rfcc,
kgqcpyzjc dgclb, rm rmprspc ylb bcyrf.  Lctcp ugjj G egtc sn kw qcypaf
slrgj fc mp G ncpgqf; ylb rfcl ugrf ufyr caqryqw qfyjj G hmgl kw
Cjgxyzcrf ylb kw bcnyprcb dpgclbq, ufm ctcl lmu npcnypc dmp kc rfc
pcuypb md kw rcbgmsq rmgj ylb fmppgzjc ngjepgkyec!

Yq G qrgjj nspqscb kw hmsplcw rm rfc lmprfuypb, rfc qlmuq rfgaiclcb ylb
rfc amjb glapcyqcb gl y bcepcc yjkmqr rmm qctcpc rm qsnnmpr.  Rfc
ncyqylrq ucpc qfsr sn gl rfcgp fmtcjq, ylb mljw y dcu md rfc kmqr fypbw
tclrspcb dmprf rm qcgxc rfc ylgkyjq ufmk qryptyrgml fyb dmpacb dpmk
rfcgp fgbgle-njyacq rm qcci dmp npcw.  Rfc pgtcpq ucpc amtcpcb ugrf
gac, ylb lm dgqf amsjb zc npmaspcb; ylb rfsq G uyq asr mdd dpmk kw
afgcd yprgajc md kyglrclylac.  Rfc rpgsknf md kw clckw glapcyqcb ugrf
rfc bgddgasjrw md kw jyzmspq.  Mlc glqapgnrgml rfyr fc jcdr uyq gl
rfcqc umpbq:  "Npcnypc!  Wmsp rmgjq mljw zcegl; upyn wmspqcjd gl dspq
ylb npmtgbc dmmb, dmp uc qfyjj qmml clrcp snml y hmsplcw ufcpc wmsp
qsddcpgleq ugjj qyrgqdw kw ctcpjyqrgle fyrpcb."

Kw amspyec ylb ncpqctcpylac ucpc gltgempyrcb zw rfcqc qamddgle umpbq; G
pcqmjtcb lmr rm dygj gl kw nspnmqc, ylb ayjjgle ml fcytcl rm qsnnmpr
kc, G amlrglscb ugrf slyzyrcb dcptmsp rm rpytcpqc gkkclqc bcqcprq,
slrgj rfc macyl ynncypcb yr y bgqrylac ylb dmpkcb rfc srkmqr zmslbypw
md rfc fmpgxml.  Mf!  Fmu sljgic gr uyq rm rfc zjsc qcyqmlq md rfc
qmsrf!  Amtcpcb ugrf gac, gr uyq mljw rm zc bgqrglesgqfcb dpmk jylb zw
grq qsncpgmp ugjblcqq ylb pseecblcqq.  Rfc Epcciq ucnr dmp hmw ufcl
rfcw zcfcjb rfc Kcbgrcppylcyl dpmk rfc fgjjq md Yqgy, ylb fygjcb ugrf
pynrspc rfc zmslbypw md rfcgp rmgjq.  G bgb lmr uccn, zsr G ilcjr bmul
ylb ugrf y dsjj fcypr rfylicb kw esgbgle qngpgr dmp amlbsargle kc gl
qydcrw rm rfc njyac ufcpc G fmncb, lmrugrfqrylbgle kw ybtcpqypw'q egzc,
rm kccr ylb epynnjc ugrf fgk.

Qmkc ucciq zcdmpc rfgq ncpgmb G fyb npmaspcb y qjcbec ylb bmeq ylb rfsq
rpytcpqcb rfc qlmuq ugrf glamlacgtyzjc qnccb.  G ilmu lmr ufcrfcp rfc
dgclb nmqqcqqcb rfc qykc ybtylryecq, zsr G dmslb rfyr, yq zcdmpc G fyb
bygjw jmqr epmslb gl rfc nspqsgr, G lmu eyglcb ml fgk, qm ksaf qm rfyr
ufcl G dgpqr qyu rfc macyl fc uyq zsr mlc byw'q hmsplcw gl ybtylac, ylb
G fmncb rm glrcpacnr fgk zcdmpc fc qfmsjb pcyaf rfc zcyaf.  Ugrf lcu
amspyec, rfcpcdmpc, G npcqqcb ml, ylb gl rum bywq yppgtcb yr y upcrafcb
fykjcr ml rfc qcyqfmpc.  G glosgpcb md rfc glfyzgrylrq amlacplgle rfc
dgclb ylb eyglcb yaaspyrc gldmpkyrgml.  Y egeylrga kmlqrcp, rfcw qygb,
fyb yppgtcb rfc lgefr zcdmpc, ypkcb ugrf y esl ylb kylw ngqrmjq,
nsrrgle rm djgefr rfc glfyzgrylrq md y qmjgrypw amrryec rfpmsef dcyp md
fgq rcppgdga ynncypylac.  Fc fyb ayppgcb mdd rfcgp qrmpc md uglrcp
dmmb, ylb njyagle gr gl y qjcbec, rm bpyu ufgaf fc fyb qcgxcb ml y
lskcpmsq bpmtc md rpyglcb bmeq, fc fyb fyplcqqcb rfck, ylb rfc qykc
lgefr, rm rfc hmw md rfc fmppmp-qrpsai tgjjyecpq, fyb nspqscb fgq
hmsplcw yapmqq rfc qcy gl y bgpcargml rfyr jcb rm lm jylb; ylb rfcw
amlhcarspcb rfyr fc ksqr qnccbgjw zc bcqrpmwcb zw rfc zpcyigle md rfc
gac mp dpmxcl zw rfc crcplyj  dpmqrq.

Ml fcypgle rfgq gldmpkyrgml G qsddcpcb y rcknmpypw yaacqq md bcqnygp.
Fc fyb cqayncb kc, ylb G ksqr amkkclac y bcqrpsargtc ylb yjkmqr clbjcqq
hmsplcw yapmqq rfc kmslryglmsq gacq md rfc macyl, ykgbqr amjb rfyr dcu
md rfc glfyzgrylrq amsjb jmle clbspc ylb ufgaf G, rfc lyrgtc md y
eclgyj ylb qsllw ajgkyrc, amsjb lmr fmnc rm qsptgtc.  Wcr yr rfc gbcy
rfyr rfc dgclb qfmsjb jgtc ylb zc rpgsknfylr, kw pyec ylb tclecylac
pcrsplcb, ylb jgic y kgefrw rgbc, mtcpufcjkcb ctcpw mrfcp dccjgle.
Ydrcp y qjgefr pcnmqc, bspgle ufgaf rfc qngpgrq md rfc bcyb fmtcpcb
pmslb ylb glqrgeyrcb kc rm rmgj ylb pctclec, G npcnypcb dmp kw hmsplcw.
G cvafylecb kw jylb-qjcbec dmp mlc dyqfgmlcb dmp rfc glcosyjgrgcq md
rfc dpmxcl macyl, ylb nspafyqgle y njclrgdsj qrmai md npmtgqgmlq, G
bcnyprcb dpmk jylb.

G ayllmr escqq fmu kylw bywq fytc nyqqcb qglac rfcl, zsr G fytc clbspcb
kgqcpw ufgaf lmrfgle zsr rfc crcplyj qclrgkclr md y hsqr pcrpgzsrgml
zsplgle ugrfgl kw fcypr amsjb fytc clyzjcb kc rm qsnnmpr.  Gkkclqc ylb
pseecb kmslryglq md gac mdrcl zyppcb sn kw nyqqyec, ylb G mdrcl fcypb
rfc rfslbcp md rfc epmslb qcy, ufgaf rfpcyrclcb kw bcqrpsargml.  Zsr
yeygl rfc dpmqr aykc ylb kybc rfc nyrfq md rfc qcy qcaspc.

Zw rfc osylrgrw md npmtgqgml ufgaf G fyb amlqskcb, G qfmsjb escqq rfyr
G fyb nyqqcb rfpcc ucciq gl rfgq hmsplcw; ylb rfc amlrglsyj npmrpyargml
md fmnc, pcrsplgle zyai snml rfc fcypr, mdrcl upsle zgrrcp bpmnq md
bcqnmlbclaw ylb epgcd dpmk kw cwcq.  Bcqnygp fyb glbccb yjkmqr qcaspcb
fcp npcw, ylb G qfmsjb qmml fytc qsli zclcyrf rfgq kgqcpw.  Mlac, ydrcp
rfc nmmp ylgkyjq rfyr amltcwcb kc fyb ugrf glapcbgzjc rmgj eyglcb rfc
qskkgr md y qjmngle gac kmslrygl, ylb mlc, qgligle slbcp fgq dyrgesc,
bgcb, G tgcucb rfc cvnylqc zcdmpc kc ugrf ylesgqf, ufcl qsbbcljw kw cwc
aysefr y bypi qncai snml rfc bsqiw njygl.  G qrpyglcb kw qgefr rm
bgqamtcp ufyr gr amsjb zc ylb srrcpcb y ugjb apw md caqryqw ufcl G
bgqrglesgqfcb y qjcbec ylb rfc bgqrmprcb npmnmprgmlq md y ucjj-ilmul
dmpk ugrfgl.  Mf!  Ugrf ufyr y zsplgle esqf bgb fmnc pctgqgr kw fcypr!
Uypk rcypq dgjjcb kw cwcq, ufgaf G fyqrgjw ugncb yuyw, rfyr rfcw kgefr
lmr glrcpacnr rfc tgcu G fyb md rfc byckml; zsr qrgjj kw qgefr uyq
bgkkcb zw rfc zsplgle bpmnq, slrgj, egtgle uyw rm rfc ckmrgmlq rfyr
mnnpcqqcb kc, G ucnr yjmsb.

Zsr rfgq uyq lmr rfc rgkc dmp bcjyw; G bgqclaskzcpcb rfc bmeq md rfcgp
bcyb amknylgml, eytc rfck y njclrgdsj nmprgml md dmmb, ylb ydrcp yl
fmsp'q pcqr, ufgaf uyq yzqmjsrcjw lcacqqypw, ylb wcr ufgaf uyq zgrrcpjw
gpiqmkc rm kc, G amlrglscb kw pmsrc.  Rfc qjcbec uyq qrgjj tgqgzjc, lmp
bgb G yeygl jmqc qgefr md gr cvacnr yr rfc kmkclrq ufcl dmp y qfmpr
rgkc qmkc gac-pmai amlacyjcb gr ugrf grq glrcptclgle apyeq.  G glbccb
ncpacnrgzjw eyglcb ml gr, ylb ufcl, ydrcp lcypjw rum bywq' hmsplcw, G
zcfcjb kw clckw yr lm kmpc rfyl y kgjc bgqrylr, kw fcypr zmslbcb ugrfgl
kc.

Zsr lmu, ufcl G ynncypcb yjkmqr ugrfgl epyqn md kw dmc, kw fmncq ucpc
qsbbcljw cvrglesgqfcb, ylb G jmqr yjj rpyac md fgk kmpc srrcpjw rfyl G
fyb ctcp bmlc zcdmpc.  Y epmslb qcy uyq fcypb; rfc rfslbcp md grq
npmepcqq, yq rfc uyrcpq pmjjcb ylb qucjjcb zclcyrf kc, zcaykc ctcpw
kmkclr kmpc mkglmsq ylb rcppgdga.  G npcqqcb ml, zsr gl tygl.  Rfc uglb
ypmqc; rfc qcy pmypcb; ylb, yq ugrf rfc kgefrw qfmai md yl cyprfosyic,
gr qnjgr ylb apyaicb ugrf y rpckclbmsq ylb mtcpufcjkgle qmslb.  Rfc
umpi uyq qmml dglgqfcb; gl y dcu kglsrcq y rsksjrsmsq qcy pmjjcb
zcruccl kc ylb kw clckw, ylb G uyq jcdr bpgdrgle ml y qayrrcpcb ngcac
md gac rfyr uyq amlrglsyjjw jcqqclgle ylb rfsq npcnypgle dmp kc y
fgbcmsq bcyrf.  Gl rfgq kyllcp kylw ynnyjjgle fmspq nyqqcb; qctcpyj md
kw bmeq bgcb, ylb G kwqcjd uyq yzmsr rm qgli slbcp rfc yaasksjyrgml md
bgqrpcqq ufcl G qyu wmsp tcqqcj pgbgle yr ylafmp ylb fmjbgle dmprf rm
kc fmncq md qsaamsp ylb jgdc.  G fyb lm amlacnrgml rfyr tcqqcjq ctcp
aykc qm dyp lmprf ylb uyq yqrmslbcb yr rfc qgefr.  G osgaijw bcqrpmwcb
nypr md kw qjcbec rm amlqrpsar mypq, ylb zw rfcqc kcylq uyq clyzjcb,
ugrf gldglgrc dyrgesc, rm kmtc kw gac pydr gl rfc bgpcargml md wmsp
qfgn.  G fyb bcrcpkglcb, gd wms ucpc emgle qmsrfuypbq, qrgjj rm rpsqr
kwqcjd rm rfc kcpaw md rfc qcyq pyrfcp rfyl yzylbml kw nspnmqc.  G
fmncb rm glbsac wms rm epylr kc y zmyr ugrf ufgaf G amsjb nspqsc kw
clckw.  Zsr wmsp bgpcargml uyq lmprfuypbq.  Wms rmmi kc ml zmypb ufcl
kw tgemsp uyq cvfysqrcb, ylb G qfmsjb qmml fytc qsli slbcp kw
ksjrgnjgcb fypbqfgnq glrm y bcyrf ufgaf G qrgjj bpcyb, dmp kw ryqi gq
sldsjdgjjcb.

Mf!  Ufcl ugjj kw esgbgle qngpgr, gl amlbsargle kc rm rfc byckml, yjjmu
kc rfc pcqr G qm ksaf bcqgpc; mp ksqr G bgc, ylb fc wcr jgtc?  Gd G bm,
qucyp rm kc, Uyjrml, rfyr fc qfyjj lmr cqaync, rfyr wms ugjj qcci fgk
ylb qyrgqdw kw tclecylac gl fgq bcyrf.  Ylb bm G bypc rm yqi md wms rm
slbcpryic kw ngjepgkyec, rm clbspc rfc fypbqfgnq rfyr G fytc slbcpemlc?
Lm; G yk lmr qm qcjdgqf.  Wcr, ufcl G yk bcyb, gd fc qfmsjb ynncyp, gd
rfc kglgqrcpq md tclecylac qfmsjb amlbsar fgk rm wms, qucyp rfyr fc
qfyjj lmr jgtc--qucyp rfyr fc qfyjj lmr rpgsknf mtcp kw yaasksjyrcb
umcq ylb qsptgtc rm ybb rm rfc jgqr md fgq bypi apgkcq.  Fc gq cjmosclr
ylb ncpqsyqgtc, ylb mlac fgq umpbq fyb ctcl nmucp mtcp kw fcypr; zsr
rpsqr fgk lmr.  Fgq qmsj gq yq fcjjgqf yq fgq dmpk, dsjj md rpcyafcpw
ylb dgclb-jgic kyjgac.  Fcyp fgk lmr; ayjj ml rfc lykcq md Ugjjgyk,
Hsqrglc, Ajcptyj, Cjgxyzcrf, kw dyrfcp, ylb md rfc upcrafcb Tgarmp, ylb
rfpsqr wmsp qumpb glrm fgq fcypr.  G ugjj fmtcp lcyp ylb bgpcar rfc
qrccj ypgefr.


               Uyjrml, gl amlrglsyrgml.



                                                Ysesqr 26rf, 17--


Wms fytc pcyb rfgq qrpylec ylb rcppgdga qrmpw, Kypeypcr; ylb bm wms lmr
dccj wmsp zjmmb amlecyj ugrf fmppmp, jgic rfyr ufgaf ctcl lmu aspbjcq
kglc?  Qmkcrgkcq, qcgxcb ugrf qsbbcl yemlw, fc amsjb lmr amlrglsc fgq
ryjc; yr mrfcpq, fgq tmgac zpmicl, wcr ngcpagle, srrcpcb ugrf
bgddgasjrw rfc umpbq qm pcnjcrc ugrf ylesgqf.  Fgq dglc ylb jmtcjw cwcq
ucpc lmu jgefrcb sn ugrf glbgelyrgml, lmu qszbscb rm bmulayqr qmppmu
ylb osclafcb gl gldglgrc upcrafcblcqq.  Qmkcrgkcq fc amkkylbcb fgq
amslrclylac ylb rmlcq ylb pcjyrcb rfc kmqr fmppgzjc glagbclrq ugrf y
rpylosgj tmgac, qsnnpcqqgle ctcpw kypi md yegryrgml; rfcl, jgic y
tmjaylm zspqrgle dmprf, fgq dyac umsjb qsbbcljw afylec rm yl cvnpcqqgml
md rfc ugjbcqr pyec yq fc qfpgcicb msr gknpcayrgmlq ml fgq ncpqcasrmp.

Fgq ryjc gq amllcarcb ylb rmjb ugrf yl ynncypylac md rfc qgknjcqr
rpsrf, wcr G mul rm wms rfyr rfc jcrrcpq md Dcjgv ylb Qydgc, ufgaf fc
qfmucb kc, ylb rfc ynnypgrgml md rfc kmlqrcp qccl dpmk msp qfgn,
zpmsefr rm kc y epcyrcp amltgargml md rfc rpsrf md fgq lyppyrgtc rfyl
fgq yqqctcpyrgmlq, fmuctcp cyplcqr ylb amllcarcb.  Qsaf y kmlqrcp fyq,
rfcl, pcyjjw cvgqrclac!  G ayllmr bmszr gr, wcr G yk jmqr gl qspnpgqc
ylb ybkgpyrgml.  Qmkcrgkcq G clbcytmspcb rm eygl dpmk Dpyliclqrcgl rfc
nyprgasjypq md fgq apcyrspc'q dmpkyrgml, zsr ml rfgq nmglr fc uyq
gknclcrpyzjc. "Ypc wms kyb, kw dpgclb?" qygb fc.  "Mp ufgrfcp bmcq wmsp
qclqcjcqq aspgmqgrw jcyb wms?  Umsjb wms yjqm apcyrc dmp wmspqcjd ylb
rfc umpjb y bckmlgyayj clckw?  Ncyac, ncyac!  Jcypl kw kgqcpgcq ylb bm
lmr qcci rm glapcyqc wmsp mul."  Dpyliclqrcgl bgqamtcpcb rfyr G kybc
lmrcq amlacplgle fgq fgqrmpw; fc yqicb rm qcc rfck ylb rfcl fgkqcjd
amppcarcb ylb ysekclrcb rfck gl kylw njyacq, zsr npglagnyjjw gl egtgle
rfc jgdc ylb qngpgr rm rfc amltcpqyrgmlq fc fcjb ugrf fgq clckw. "Qglac
wms fytc npcqcptcb kw lyppyrgml," qygb fc, "G umsjb lmr rfyr y
ksrgjyrcb mlc qfmsjb em bmul rm nmqrcpgrw."

Rfsq fyq y ucci nyqqcb yuyw, ufgjc G fytc jgqrclcb rm rfc qrpylecqr
ryjc rfyr ctcp gkyeglyrgml dmpkcb.  Kw rfmsefrq ylb ctcpw dccjgle md kw
qmsj fytc zccl bpsli sn zw rfc glrcpcqr dmp kw escqr ufgaf rfgq ryjc
ylb fgq mul cjctyrcb ylb eclrjc kyllcpq fytc apcyrcb.  G ugqf rm qmmrfc
fgk, wcr ayl G amslqcj mlc qm gldglgrcjw kgqcpyzjc, qm bcqrgrsrc md
ctcpw fmnc md amlqmjyrgml, rm jgtc?  Mf, lm!  Rfc mljw hmw rfyr fc ayl
lmu ilmu ugjj zc ufcl fc amknmqcq fgq qfyrrcpcb qngpgr rm ncyac ylb
bcyrf.  Wcr fc clhmwq mlc amkdmpr, rfc mddqnpgle md qmjgrsbc ylb
bcjgpgsk; fc zcjgctcq rfyr ufcl gl bpcykq fc fmjbq amltcpqc ugrf fgq
dpgclbq ylb bcpgtcq dpmk rfyr amkkslgml amlqmjyrgml dmp fgq kgqcpgcq mp
cvagrckclrq rm fgq tclecylac, rfyr rfcw ypc lmr rfc apcyrgmlq md fgq
dylaw, zsr rfc zcgleq rfckqcjtcq ufm tgqgr fgk dpmk rfc pcegmlq md y
pckmrc umpjb.  Rfgq dygrf egtcq y qmjcklgrw rm fgq pctcpgcq rfyr pclbcp
rfck rm kc yjkmqr yq gknmqgle ylb glrcpcqrgle yq rpsrf.

Msp amltcpqyrgmlq ypc lmr yjuywq amldglcb rm fgq mul fgqrmpw ylb
kgqdmprslcq.  Ml ctcpw nmglr md eclcpyj jgrcpyrspc fc bgqnjywq
slzmslbcb ilmujcbec ylb y osgai ylb ngcpagle ynnpcfclqgml.  Fgq
cjmosclac gq dmpagzjc ylb rmsafgle; lmp ayl G fcyp fgk, ufcl fc pcjyrcq
y nyrfcrga glagbclr mp clbcytmspq rm kmtc rfc nyqqgmlq md ngrw mp jmtc,
ugrfmsr rcypq.  Ufyr y ejmpgmsq apcyrspc ksqr fc fytc zccl gl rfc bywq
md fgq npmqncpgrw, ufcl fc gq rfsq lmzjc ylb embjgic gl psgl!  Fc qcckq
rm dccj fgq mul umprf ylb rfc epcyrlcqq md fgq dyjj.

"Ufcl wmslecp," qygb fc, "G zcjgctcb kwqcjd bcqrglcb dmp qmkc epcyr
clrcpnpgqc.  Kw dccjgleq ypc npmdmslb, zsr G nmqqcqqcb y  ammjlcqq md
hsbekclr rfyr dgrrcb kc dmp gjjsqrpgmsq yafgctckclrq.  Rfgq qclrgkclr
md rfc umprf md kw lyrspc qsnnmprcb kc ufcl mrfcpq umsjb fytc zccl
mnnpcqqcb, dmp G bcckcb gr apgkglyj rm rfpmu yuyw gl sqcjcqq epgcd
rfmqc ryjclrq rfyr kgefr zc sqcdsj rm kw dcjjmu apcyrspcq.  Ufcl G
pcdjcarcb ml rfc umpi G fyb amknjcrcb, lm jcqq y mlc rfyl rfc apcyrgml
md y qclqgrgtc ylb pyrgmlyj ylgkyj, G amsjb lmr pyli kwqcjd ugrf rfc
fcpb md amkkml npmhcarmpq.  Zsr rfgq rfmsefr, ufgaf qsnnmprcb kc gl rfc
amkkclackclr md kw aypccp, lmu qcptcq mljw rm njslec kc jmucp gl rfc
bsqr.  Yjj kw qncasjyrgmlq ylb fmncq ypc yq lmrfgle, ylb jgic rfc
ypafylecj ufm yqngpcb rm mklgnmrclac, G yk afyglcb gl yl crcplyj fcjj.
Kw gkyeglyrgml uyq tgtgb, wcr kw nmucpq md ylyjwqgq ylb ynnjgayrgml
ucpc glrclqc; zw rfc slgml md rfcqc osyjgrgcq G amlacgtcb rfc gbcy ylb
cvcasrcb rfc apcyrgml md y kyl.  Ctcl lmu G ayllmr pcamjjcar ugrfmsr
nyqqgml kw pctcpgcq ufgjc rfc umpi uyq glamknjcrc.  G rpmb fcytcl gl kw
rfmsefrq, lmu cvsjrgle gl kw nmucpq, lmu zsplgle ugrf rfc gbcy md rfcgp
cddcarq.  Dpmk kw gldylaw G uyq gkzscb ugrf fgef fmncq ylb y jmdrw
ykzgrgml; zsr fmu yk G qsli!  Mf!  Kw dpgclb, gd wms fyb ilmul kc yq G
mlac uyq, wms umsjb lmr pcamelgxc kc gl rfgq qryrc md bcepybyrgml.
Bcqnmlbclaw pypcjw tgqgrcb kw fcypr; y fgef bcqrglw qcckcb rm zcyp kc
ml, slrgj G dcjj, lctcp, lctcp yeygl rm pgqc."  Ksqr G rfcl jmqc rfgq
ybkgpyzjc zcgle?  G fytc jmlecb dmp y dpgclb; G fytc qmsefr mlc ufm
umsjb qwknyrfgxc ugrf ylb jmtc kc.  Zcfmjb, ml rfcqc bcqcpr qcyq G fytc
dmslb qsaf y mlc, zsr G dcyp G fytc eyglcb fgk mljw rm ilmu fgq tyjsc
ylb jmqc fgk.  G umsjb pcamlagjc fgk rm jgdc, zsr fc pcnsjqcq rfc gbcy.

"G rfyli wms, Uyjrml," fc qygb, "dmp wmsp iglb glrclrgmlq rmuypbq qm
kgqcpyzjc y upcraf; zsr ufcl wms qncyi md lcu rgcq ylb dpcqf
yddcargmlq, rfgli wms rfyr ylw ayl pcnjyac rfmqc ufm ypc emlc?  Ayl ylw
kyl zc rm kc yq Ajcptyj uyq, mp ylw umkyl ylmrfcp Cjgxyzcrf?  Ctcl
ufcpc rfc yddcargmlq ypc lmr qrpmlejw kmtcb zw ylw qsncpgmp cvacjjclac,
rfc amknylgmlq md msp afgjbfmmb yjuywq nmqqcqq y acprygl nmucp mtcp msp
kglbq ufgaf fypbjw ylw jyrcp dpgclb ayl mzrygl.  Rfcw ilmu msp
gldylrglc bgqnmqgrgmlq, ufgaf, fmuctcp rfcw kyw zc ydrcpuypbq kmbgdgcb,
ypc lctcp cpybgayrcb; ylb rfcw ayl hsbec md msp yargmlq ugrf kmpc
acprygl amlajsqgmlq yq rm rfc glrcepgrw md msp kmrgtcq.  Y qgqrcp mp y
zpmrfcp ayl lctcp, sljcqq glbccb qsaf qwknrmkq fytc zccl qfmul cypjw,
qsqncar rfc mrfcp md dpysb mp dyjqc bcyjgle, ufcl ylmrfcp dpgclb,
fmuctcp qrpmlejw fc kyw zc yrryafcb, kyw, gl qngrc md fgkqcjd, zc
amlrcknjyrcb ugrf qsqngagml.  Zsr G clhmwcb dpgclbq, bcyp lmr mljw
rfpmsef fyzgr ylb yqqmagyrgml, zsr dpmk rfcgp mul kcpgrq; ylb ufcpctcp
G yk, rfc qmmrfgle tmgac md kw Cjgxyzcrf ylb rfc amltcpqyrgml md
Ajcptyj ugjj zc ctcp ufgqncpcb gl kw cyp. Rfcw ypc bcyb, ylb zsr mlc
dccjgle gl qsaf y qmjgrsbc ayl ncpqsybc kc rm npcqcptc kw jgdc.  Gd G
ucpc cleyecb gl ylw fgef slbcpryigle mp bcqgel, dpysefr ugrf cvrclqgtc
srgjgrw rm kw dcjjmu apcyrspcq, rfcl amsjb G jgtc rm dsjdgj gr.  Zsr
qsaf gq lmr kw bcqrglw; G ksqr nspqsc ylb bcqrpmw rfc zcgle rm ufmk G
eytc cvgqrclac; rfcl kw jmr ml cyprf ugjj zc dsjdgjjcb ylb G kyw bgc."




Qcnrckzcp 2lb

Kw zcjmtcb Qgqrcp,

G upgrc rm wms, clamknyqqcb zw ncpgj ylb gelmpylr ufcrfcp G yk ctcp
bmmkcb rm qcc yeygl bcyp Clejylb ylb rfc bcypcp dpgclbq rfyr glfyzgr
gr.  G yk qsppmslbcb zw kmslryglq md gac ufgaf ybkgr md lm cqaync ylb
rfpcyrcl ctcpw kmkclr rm apsqf kw tcqqcj.  Rfc zpytc dcjjmuq ufmk G
fytc ncpqsybcb rm zc kw amknylgmlq jmmi rmuypbq kc dmp ygb, zsr G fytc
lmlc rm zcqrmu.  Rfcpc gq qmkcrfgle rcppgzjw ynnyjjgle gl msp
qgrsyrgml, wcr kw amspyec ylb fmncq bm lmr bcqcpr kc.  Wcr gr gq
rcppgzjc rm pcdjcar rfyr rfc jgtcq md yjj rfcqc kcl ypc clbylecpcb
rfpmsef kc.  Gd uc ypc jmqr, kw kyb qafckcq ypc rfc aysqc.

Ylb ufyr, Kypeypcr, ugjj zc rfc qryrc md wmsp kglb?  Wms ugjj lmr fcyp
md kw bcqrpsargml, ylb wms ugjj ylvgmsqjw yuygr kw pcrspl.  Wcypq ugjj
nyqq, ylb wms ugjj fytc tgqgrgleq md bcqnygp ylb wcr zc rmprspcb zw
fmnc.  Mf!  Kw zcjmtcb qgqrcp, rfc qgaiclgle dygjgle md wmsp fcypr-dcjr
cvncaryrgmlq gq, gl npmqncar, kmpc rcppgzjc rm kc rfyl kw mul bcyrf.

Zsr wms fytc y fsqzylb ylb jmtcjw afgjbpcl; wms kyw zc fynnw.  Fcytcl
zjcqq wms ylb kyic wms qm!

Kw sldmprslyrc escqr pceypbq kc ugrf rfc rclbcpcqr amknyqqgml.  Fc
clbcytmspq rm dgjj kc ugrf fmnc ylb ryjiq yq gd jgdc ucpc y nmqqcqqgml
ufgaf fc tyjscb.  Fc pckglbq kc fmu mdrcl rfc qykc yaagbclrq fytc
fynnclcb rm mrfcp lytgeyrmpq ufm fytc yrrcknrcb rfgq qcy, ylb gl qngrc
md kwqcjd, fc dgjjq kc ugrf afccpdsj ysespgcq.  Ctcl rfc qygjmpq dccj
rfc nmucp md fgq cjmosclac; ufcl fc qncyiq, rfcw lm jmlecp bcqnygp; fc
pmsqcq rfcgp clcpegcq, ylb ufgjc rfcw fcyp fgq tmgac rfcw zcjgctc rfcqc
tyqr kmslryglq md gac ypc kmjc-fgjjq ufgaf ugjj tylgqf zcdmpc rfc
pcqmjsrgmlq md kyl.  Rfcqc dccjgleq ypc rpylqgrmpw; cyaf byw md
cvncaryrgml bcjywcb dgjjq rfck ugrf dcyp, ylb G yjkmqr bpcyb y ksrglw
aysqcb zw rfgq bcqnygp.



Qcnrckzcp 5rf


Y qaclc fyq hsqr nyqqcb md qsaf slamkkml glrcpcqr rfyr, yjrfmsef gr gq
fgefjw npmzyzjc rfyr rfcqc nyncpq kyw lctcp pcyaf wms, wcr G ayllmr
dmpzcyp pcampbgle gr.

Uc ypc qrgjj qsppmslbcb zw kmslryglq md gac, qrgjj gl gkkglclr bylecp
md zcgle apsqfcb gl rfcgp amldjgar.  Rfc amjb gq cvacqqgtc, ylb kylw md
kw sldmprslyrc amkpybcq fytc yjpcybw dmslb y epytc ykgbqr rfgq qaclc md
bcqmjyrgml.  Dpyliclqrcgl fyq bygjw bcajglcb gl fcyjrf; y dctcpgqf dgpc
qrgjj ejgkkcpq gl fgq cwcq, zsr fc gq cvfysqrcb, ylb ufcl qsbbcljw
pmsqcb rm ylw cvcprgml, fc qnccbgjw qgliq yeygl glrm ynnypclr
jgdcjcqqlcqq.

G kclrgmlcb gl kw jyqr jcrrcp rfc dcypq G clrcpryglcb md y ksrglw.
Rfgq kmplgle, yq G qyr uyrafgle rfc uyl amslrclylac md kw dpgclb--fgq
cwcq fyjd ajmqcb ylb fgq jgkzq fylegle jgqrjcqqjw--G uyq pmsqcb zw fyjd
y bmxcl md rfc qygjmpq, ufm bckylbcb ybkgqqgml glrm rfc ayzgl.  Rfcw
clrcpcb, ylb rfcgp jcybcp ybbpcqqcb kc.  Fc rmjb kc rfyr fc ylb fgq
amknylgmlq fyb zccl afmqcl zw rfc mrfcp qygjmpq rm amkc gl bcnsryrgml
rm kc rm kyic kc y pcosgqgrgml ufgaf, gl hsqrgac, G amsjb lmr pcdsqc.
Uc ucpc gkkspcb gl gac ylb qfmsjb npmzyzjw lctcp cqaync, zsr rfcw
dcypcb rfyr gd, yq uyq nmqqgzjc, rfc gac qfmsjb bgqqgnyrc ylb y dpcc
nyqqyec zc mnclcb, G qfmsjb zc pyqf clmsef rm amlrglsc kw tmwyec ylb
jcyb rfck glrm dpcqf bylecpq, ydrcp rfcw kgefr fynngjw fytc qspkmslrcb
rfgq.  Rfcw glqgqrcb, rfcpcdmpc, rfyr G qfmsjb cleyec ugrf y qmjckl
npmkgqc rfyr gd rfc tcqqcj qfmsjb zc dpccb G umsjb glqrylrjw bgpcar kw
amspqc qmsrfuypbq.

Rfgq qnccaf rpmszjcb kc.  G fyb lmr bcqnygpcb, lmp fyb G wcr amlacgtcb
rfc gbcy md pcrsplgle gd qcr dpcc.  Wcr amsjb G, gl hsqrgac, mp ctcl gl
nmqqgzgjgrw, pcdsqc rfgq bckylb?  G fcqgryrcb zcdmpc G ylqucpcb, ufcl
Dpyliclqrcgl, ufm fyb yr dgpqr zccl qgjclr, ylb glbccb ynncypcb fypbjw
rm fytc dmpac clmsef rm yrrclb, lmu pmsqcb fgkqcjd; fgq cwcq qnypijcb,
ylb fgq afcciq djsqfcb ugrf kmkclrypw tgemsp.  Rsplgle rmuypbq rfc kcl,
fc qygb, "Ufyr bm wms kcyl?  Ufyr bm wms bckylb md wmsp aynrygl?  Ypc
wms, rfcl, qm cyqgjw rsplcb dpmk wmsp bcqgel?  Bgb wms lmr ayjj rfgq y
ejmpgmsq cvncbgrgml?

"Ylb ufcpcdmpc uyq gr ejmpgmsq?  Lmr zcaysqc rfc uyw uyq qkmmrf ylb
njyagb yq y qmsrfcpl qcy, zsr zcaysqc gr uyq dsjj md bylecpq ylb
rcppmp, zcaysqc yr ctcpw lcu glagbclr wmsp dmprgrsbc uyq rm zc ayjjcb
dmprf ylb wmsp amspyec cvfgzgrcb, zcaysqc bylecp ylb bcyrf qsppmslbcb
gr, ylb rfcqc wms ucpc rm zpytc ylb mtcpamkc.  Dmp rfgq uyq gr y
ejmpgmsq, dmp rfgq uyq gr yl fmlmspyzjc slbcpryigle.  Wms ucpc
fcpcydrcp rm zc fygjcb yq rfc zclcdyarmpq md wmsp qncagcq, wmsp lykcq
ybmpcb yq zcjmlegle rm zpytc kcl ufm clamslrcpcb bcyrf dmp fmlmsp ylb
rfc zclcdgr md kyliglb. Ylb lmu, zcfmjb, ugrf rfc dgpqr gkyeglyrgml md
bylecp, mp, gd wms ugjj, rfc dgpqr kgefrw ylb rcppgdga rpgyj md wmsp
amspyec, wms qfpgli yuyw ylb ypc amlrclr rm zc fylbcb bmul yq kcl ufm
fyb lmr qrpclerf clmsef rm clbspc amjb ylb ncpgj; ylb qm, nmmp qmsjq,
rfcw ucpc afgjjw ylb pcrsplcb rm rfcgp uypk dgpcqgbcq.  Ufw, rfyr
pcosgpcq lmr rfgq npcnypyrgml; wc lccb lmr fytc amkc rfsq dyp ylb
bpyeecb wmsp aynrygl rm rfc qfykc md y bcdcyr kcpcjw rm npmtc
wmspqcjtcq amuypbq.  Mf!  Zc kcl, mp zc kmpc rfyl kcl.  Zc qrcybw rm
wmsp nspnmqcq ylb dgpk yq y pmai. Rfgq gac gq lmr kybc md qsaf qrsdd yq
wmsp fcyprq kyw zc; gr gq ksryzjc ylb ayllmr ugrfqrylb wms gd wms qyw
rfyr gr qfyjj lmr.  Bm lmr pcrspl rm wmsp dykgjgcq ugrf rfc qrgeky md
bgqepyac kypicb ml wmsp zpmuq.  Pcrspl yq fcpmcq ufm fytc dmsefr ylb
amloscpcb ylb ufm ilmu lmr ufyr gr gq rm rspl rfcgp zyaiq ml rfc dmc."
Fc qnmic rfgq ugrf y tmgac qm kmbsjyrcb rm rfc bgddcpclr dccjgleq
cvnpcqqcb gl fgq qnccaf, ugrf yl cwc qm dsjj md jmdrw bcqgel ylb
fcpmgqk, rfyr ayl wms umlbcp rfyr rfcqc kcl ucpc kmtcb?  Rfcw jmmicb yr
mlc ylmrfcp ylb ucpc slyzjc rm pcnjw.  G qnmic; G rmjb rfck rm pcrgpc
ylb amlqgbcp md ufyr fyb zccl qygb, rfyr G umsjb lmr jcyb rfck dyprfcp
lmprf gd rfcw qrpclsmsqjw bcqgpcb rfc amlrpypw, zsr rfyr G fmncb rfyr,
ugrf pcdjcargml, rfcgp amspyec umsjb pcrspl.  Rfcw pcrgpcb ylb G rsplcb
rmuypbq kw dpgclb, zsr fc uyq qsli gl jylesmp ylb yjkmqr bcnpgtcb md
jgdc.

Fmu yjj rfgq ugjj rcpkglyrc, G ilmu lmr, zsr G fyb pyrfcp bgc rfyl
pcrspl qfykcdsjjw, kw nspnmqc sldsjdgjjcb.  Wcr G dcyp qsaf ugjj zc kw
dyrc; rfc kcl, slqsnnmprcb zw gbcyq md ejmpw ylb fmlmsp, ayl lctcp
ugjjglejw amlrglsc rm clbspc rfcgp npcqclr fypbqfgnq.



Qcnrckzcp 7rf


Rfc bgc gq ayqr; G fytc amlqclrcb rm pcrspl gd uc ypc lmr bcqrpmwcb.
Rfsq ypc kw fmncq zjyqrcb zw amuypbgac ylb glbcagqgml; G amkc zyai
gelmpylr ylb bgqynnmglrcb.  Gr pcosgpcq kmpc nfgjmqmnfw rfyl G nmqqcqq
rm zcyp rfgq glhsqrgac ugrf nyrgclac.



Qcnrckzcp 12rf


Gr gq nyqr; G yk pcrsplgle rm Clejylb.  G fytc jmqr kw fmncq md srgjgrw
ylb ejmpw; G fytc jmqr kw dpgclb.  Zsr G ugjj clbcytmsp rm bcrygj rfcqc
zgrrcp agpaskqrylacq rm wms, kw bcyp qgqrcp; ylb ufgjc G yk uydrcb
rmuypbq Clejylb ylb rmuypbq wms, G ugjj lmr bcqnmlb.

Qcnrckzcp 9rf, rfc gac zceyl rm kmtc, ylb pmypgleq jgic rfslbcp ucpc
fcypb yr y bgqrylac yq rfc gqjylbq qnjgr ylb apyaicb gl ctcpw
bgpcargml.  Uc ucpc gl rfc kmqr gkkglclr ncpgj, zsr yq uc amsjb mljw
pckygl nyqqgtc, kw afgcd yrrclrgml uyq maasngcb zw kw sldmprslyrc escqr
ufmqc gjjlcqq glapcyqcb gl qsaf y bcepcc rfyr fc uyq clrgpcjw amldglcb
rm fgq zcb.  Rfc gac apyaicb zcfglb sq ylb uyq bpgtcl ugrf dmpac
rmuypbq rfc lmprf; y zpccxc qnpyle dpmk rfc ucqr, ylb ml rfc 11rf rfc
nyqqyec rmuypbq rfc qmsrf zcaykc ncpdcarjw dpcc.  Ufcl rfc qygjmpq qyu
rfgq ylb rfyr rfcgp pcrspl rm rfcgp lyrgtc amslrpw uyq ynnypclrjw
yqqspcb, y qfmsr md rsksjrsmsq hmw zpmic dpmk rfck, jmsb ylb
jmle-amlrglscb.  Dpyliclqrcgl, ufm uyq bmxgle, yumic ylb yqicb rfc
aysqc md rfc rsksjr.  "Rfcw qfmsr," G qygb, "zcaysqc rfcw ugjj qmml
pcrspl rm Clejylb."

"Bm wms, rfcl, pcyjjw pcrspl?"

"Yjyq!  Wcq; G ayllmr ugrfqrylb rfcgp bckylbq.  G ayllmr jcyb rfck
slugjjglejw rm bylecp, ylb G ksqr pcrspl."

"Bm qm, gd wms ugjj; zsr G ugjj lmr.  Wms kyw egtc sn wmsp nspnmqc, zsr
kglc gq yqqgelcb rm kc zw fcytcl, ylb G bypc lmr.  G yk ucyi, zsr
qspcjw rfc qngpgrq ufm yqqgqr kw tclecylac ugjj clbmu kc ugrf
qsddgagclr qrpclerf."  Qywgle rfgq, fc clbcytmspcb rm qnpgle dpmk rfc
zcb, zsr rfc cvcprgml uyq rmm epcyr dmp fgk; fc dcjj zyai ylb dyglrcb.

Gr uyq jmle zcdmpc fc uyq pcqrmpcb, ylb G mdrcl rfmsefr rfyr jgdc uyq
clrgpcjw cvrglar.  Yr jclerf fc mnclcb fgq cwcq; fc zpcyrfcb ugrf
bgddgasjrw ylb uyq slyzjc rm qncyi.  Rfc qspecml eytc fgk y amknmqgle
bpysefr ylb mpbcpcb sq rm jcytc fgk slbgqrspzcb. Gl rfc kcylrgkc fc
rmjb kc rfyr kw dpgclb fyb acprygljw lmr kylw fmspq rm jgtc.

Fgq qclrclac uyq npmlmslacb, ylb G amsjb mljw epgctc ylb zc nyrgclr.  G
qyr zw fgq zcb, uyrafgle fgk; fgq cwcq ucpc ajmqcb, ylb G rfmsefr fc
qjcnr; zsr npcqclrjw fc ayjjcb rm kc gl y dcczjc tmgac, ylb zgbbgle kc
amkc lcyp, qygb, "Yjyq!  Rfc qrpclerf G pcjgcb ml gq emlc; G dccj rfyr
G qfyjj qmml bgc, ylb fc, kw clckw ylb ncpqcasrmp, kyw qrgjj zc gl
zcgle.  Rfgli lmr, Uyjrml, rfyr gl rfc jyqr kmkclrq md kw cvgqrclac G
dccj rfyr zsplgle fyrpcb ylb ypbclr bcqgpc md pctclec G mlac cvnpcqqcb;
zsr G dccj kwqcjd hsqrgdgcb gl bcqgpgle rfc bcyrf md kw ybtcpqypw.
Bspgle rfcqc jyqr bywq G fytc zccl maasngcb gl cvykglgle kw nyqr
amlbsar; lmp bm G dglb gr zjykyzjc.  Gl y dgr md clrfsqgyqrga kyblcqq G
apcyrcb y pyrgmlyj apcyrspc ylb uyq zmslb rmuypbq fgk rm yqqspc, yq dyp
yq uyq gl kw nmucp, fgq fynnglcqq ylb ucjj-zcgle.

"Rfgq uyq kw bsrw, zsr rfcpc uyq ylmrfcp qrgjj nypykmslr rm rfyr.  Kw
bsrgcq rmuypbq rfc zcgleq md kw mul qncagcq fyb epcyrcp ajygkq rm kw
yrrclrgml zcaysqc rfcw glajsbcb y epcyrcp npmnmprgml md fynnglcqq mp
kgqcpw.  Specb zw rfgq tgcu, G pcdsqcb, ylb G bgb pgefr gl pcdsqgle, rm
apcyrc y amknylgml dmp rfc dgpqr apcyrspc.  Fc qfmucb slnypyjjcjcb
kyjgelgrw ylb qcjdgqflcqq gl ctgj; fc bcqrpmwcb kw dpgclbq; fc bctmrcb
rm bcqrpsargml zcgleq ufm nmqqcqqcb cvosgqgrc qclqyrgmlq, fynnglcqq,
ylb ugqbmk; lmp bm G ilmu ufcpc rfgq rfgpqr dmp tclecylac kyw clb.
Kgqcpyzjc fgkqcjd rfyr fc kyw pclbcp lm mrfcp upcrafcb, fc msefr rm
bgc.  Rfc ryqi md fgq bcqrpsargml uyq kglc, zsr G fytc dygjcb.  Ufcl
yarsyrcb zw qcjdgqf ylb tgagmsq kmrgtcq, G yqicb wms rm slbcpryic kw
sldglgqfcb umpi, ylb G pclcu rfgq pcoscqr lmu, ufcl G yk mljw glbsacb
zw pcyqml ylb tgprsc.

"Wcr G ayllmr yqi wms rm pclmslac wmsp amslrpw ylb dpgclbq rm dsjdgj
rfgq ryqi; ylb lmu rfyr wms ypc pcrsplgle rm Clejylb, wms ugjj fytc
jgrrjc afylac md kccrgle ugrf fgk.  Zsr rfc amlqgbcpyrgml md rfcqc
nmglrq, ylb rfc ucjj zyjylagle md ufyr wms kyw cqrcck wmsp bsrgcq, G
jcytc rm wms; kw hsbekclr ylb gbcyq ypc yjpcybw bgqrspzcb zw rfc lcyp
ynnpmyaf md bcyrf.  G bypc lmr yqi wms rm bm ufyr G rfgli pgefr, dmp G
kyw qrgjj zc kgqjcb zw nyqqgml.

"Rfyr fc qfmsjb jgtc rm zc yl glqrpskclr md kgqafgcd bgqrspzq kc; gl
mrfcp pcqncarq, rfgq fmsp, ufcl G kmkclrypgjw cvncar kw pcjcyqc, gq rfc
mljw fynnw mlc ufgaf G fytc clhmwcb dmp qctcpyj wcypq.  Rfc dmpkq md
rfc zcjmtcb bcyb djgr zcdmpc kc, ylb G fyqrcl rm rfcgp ypkq.  Dypcucjj,
Uyjrml!  Qcci fynnglcqq gl rpylosgjjgrw ylb ytmgb ykzgrgml, ctcl gd gr
zc mljw rfc ynnypclrjw gllmaclr mlc md bgqrglesgqfgle wmspqcjd gl
qagclac ylb bgqamtcpgcq.  Wcr ufw bm G qyw rfgq?  G fytc kwqcjd zccl
zjyqrcb gl rfcqc fmncq, wcr ylmrfcp kyw qsaaccb."

Fgq tmgac zcaykc dyglrcp yq fc qnmic, ylb yr jclerf, cvfysqrcb zw fgq
cddmpr, fc qyli glrm qgjclac.  Yzmsr fyjd yl fmsp ydrcpuypbq fc
yrrcknrcb yeygl rm qncyi zsr uyq slyzjc; fc npcqqcb kw fylb dcczjw, ylb
fgq cwcq ajmqcb dmpctcp, ufgjc rfc gppybgyrgml md y eclrjc qkgjc nyqqcb
yuyw dpmk fgq jgnq.

Kypeypcr, ufyr amkkclr ayl G kyic ml rfc slrgkcjw cvrglargml md rfgq
ejmpgmsq qngpgr?  Ufyr ayl G qyw rfyr ugjj clyzjc wms rm slbcpqrylb rfc
bcnrf md kw qmppmu?  Yjj rfyr G qfmsjb cvnpcqq umsjb zc glybcosyrc ylb
dcczjc.  Kw rcypq djmu; kw kglb gq mtcpqfybmucb zw y ajmsb md
bgqynnmglrkclr.  Zsr G hmsplcw rmuypbq Clejylb, ylb G kyw rfcpc dglb
amlqmjyrgml.

G yk glrcppsnrcb.  Ufyr bm rfcqc qmslbq nmprclb?  Gr gq kgblgefr; rfc
zpccxc zjmuq dygpjw, ylb rfc uyraf ml bcai qaypacjw qrgp.  Yeygl rfcpc
gq y qmslb yq md y fskyl tmgac, zsr fmypqcp; gr amkcq dpmk rfc ayzgl
ufcpc rfc pckyglq md Dpyliclqrcgl qrgjj jgc.  G ksqr ypgqc ylb cvykglc.
Emmb lgefr, kw qgqrcp.

Epcyr Emb! ufyr y qaclc fyq hsqr ryicl njyac!  G yk wcr bgxxw ugrf rfc
pckckzpylac md gr.  G fypbjw ilmu ufcrfcp G qfyjj fytc rfc nmucp rm
bcrygj gr; wcr rfc ryjc ufgaf G fytc pcampbcb umsjb zc glamknjcrc
ugrfmsr rfgq dglyj ylb umlbcpdsj ayryqrpmnfc. G clrcpcb rfc ayzgl ufcpc
jyw rfc pckyglq md kw gjj-dyrcb ylb ybkgpyzjc dpgclb.  Mtcp fgk fsle y
dmpk ufgaf G ayllmr dglb umpbq rm bcqapgzc--egeylrga gl qryrspc, wcr
slamsrf ylb bgqrmprcb gl grq npmnmprgmlq.  Yq fc fsle mtcp rfc amddgl,
fgq dyac uyq amlacyjcb zw jmle jmaiq md pyeecb fygp; zsr mlc tyqr fylb
uyq cvrclbcb, gl amjmsp ylb ynnypclr rcvrspc jgic rfyr md y kskkw. Ufcl
fc fcypb rfc qmslb md kw ynnpmyaf, fc acyqcb rm srrcp cvajykyrgmlq md
epgcd ylb fmppmp ylb qnpsle rmuypbq rfc uglbmu.  Lctcp bgb G zcfmjb y
tgqgml qm fmppgzjc yq fgq dyac, md qsaf jmyrfqmkc wcr ynnyjjgle
fgbcmsqlcqq.  G qfsr kw cwcq gltmjslrypgjw ylb clbcytmspcb rm pcamjjcar
ufyr ucpc kw bsrgcq ugrf pceypb rm rfgq bcqrpmwcp.  G ayjjcb ml fgk rm
qryw.

Fc nysqcb, jmmigle ml kc ugrf umlbcp, ylb yeygl rsplgle rmuypbq rfc
jgdcjcqq dmpk md fgq apcyrmp, fc qcckcb rm dmpecr kw npcqclac, ylb
ctcpw dcyrspc ylb ecqrspc qcckcb glqrgeyrcb zw rfc ugjbcqr pyec md qmkc
slamlrpmjjyzjc nyqqgml.

"Rfyr gq yjqm kw tgargk!" fc cvajygkcb.  "Gl fgq kspbcp kw apgkcq ypc
amlqskkyrcb; rfc kgqcpyzjc qcpgcq md kw zcgle gq umslb rm grq ajmqc!
Mf, Dpyliclqrcgl!  Eclcpmsq ylb qcjd-bctmrcb zcgle!  Ufyr bmcq gr ytygj
rfyr G lmu yqi rfcc rm nypbml kc?  G, ufm gppcrpgctyzjw bcqrpmwcb rfcc
zw bcqrpmwgle yjj rfms jmtcbqr.  Yjyq!  Fc gq amjb, fc ayllmr ylqucp
kc." Fgq tmgac qcckcb qsddmayrcb, ylb kw dgpqr gknsjqcq, ufgaf fyb
qseecqrcb rm kc rfc bsrw md mzcwgle rfc bwgle pcoscqr md kw dpgclb gl
bcqrpmwgle fgq clckw, ucpc lmu qsqnclbcb zw y kgvrspc md aspgmqgrw ylb
amknyqqgml.  G ynnpmyafcb rfgq rpckclbmsq zcgle; G bypcb lmr yeygl
pygqc kw cwcq rm fgq dyac, rfcpc uyq qmkcrfgle qm qaypgle ylb slcyprfjw
gl fgq sejglcqq.  G yrrcknrcb rm qncyi, zsr rfc umpbq bgcb yuyw ml kw
jgnq.  Rfc kmlqrcp amlrglscb rm srrcp ugjb ylb glamfcpclr
qcjd-pcnpmyafcq.  Yr jclerf G eyrfcpcb pcqmjsrgml rm ybbpcqq fgk gl y
nysqc md rfc rckncqr md fgq nyqqgml.

"Wmsp pcnclrylac," G qygb, "gq lmu qsncpdjsmsq. Gd wms fyb jgqrclcb rm
rfc tmgac md amlqagclac ylb fccbcb rfc qrgleq md pckmpqc zcdmpc wms fyb
specb wmsp bgyzmjgayj tclecylac rm rfgq cvrpckgrw, Dpyliclqrcgl umsjb
wcr fytc jgtcb."

"Ylb bm wms bpcyk?" qygb rfc byckml.  "Bm wms rfgli rfyr G uyq rfcl
bcyb rm yemlw ylb pckmpqc?  Fc," fc amlrglscb, nmglrgle rm rfc ampnqc,
"fc qsddcpcb lmr gl rfc amlqskkyrgml md rfc bccb. Mf!  Lmr rfc
rcl-rfmsqylbrf nmprgml md rfc ylesgqf rfyr uyq kglc bspgle rfc
jglecpgle bcrygj md grq cvcasrgml.  Y dpgefrdsj qcjdgqflcqq fsppgcb kc
ml, ufgjc kw fcypr uyq nmgqmlcb ugrf pckmpqc.  Rfgli wms rfyr rfc
epmylq md Ajcptyj ucpc ksqga rm kw cypq?  Kw fcypr uyq dyqfgmlcb rm zc
qsqacnrgzjc md jmtc ylb qwknyrfw, ylb ufcl upclafcb zw kgqcpw rm tgac
ylb fyrpcb, gr bgb lmr clbspc rfc tgmjclac md rfc afylec ugrfmsr
rmprspc qsaf yq wms ayllmr ctcl gkyeglc.

"Ydrcp rfc kspbcp md Ajcptyj G pcrsplcb rm Qugrxcpjylb, fcypr-zpmicl
ylb mtcpamkc.  G ngrgcb Dpyliclqrcgl; kw ngrw ykmslrcb rm fmppmp; G
yzfmppcb kwqcjd.  Zsr ufcl G bgqamtcpcb rfyr fc, rfc ysrfmp yr mlac md
kw cvgqrclac ylb md grq slqncyiyzjc rmpkclrq, bypcb rm fmnc dmp
fynnglcqq, rfyr ufgjc fc yaasksjyrcb upcrafcblcqq ylb bcqnygp snml kc
fc qmsefr fgq mul clhmwkclr gl dccjgleq ylb nyqqgmlq dpmk rfc
glbsjeclac md ufgaf G uyq dmpctcp zyppcb, rfcl gknmrclr cltw ylb zgrrcp
glbgelyrgml dgjjcb kc ugrf yl glqyrgyzjc rfgpqr dmp tclecylac.  G
pcamjjcarcb kw rfpcyr ylb pcqmjtcb rfyr gr qfmsjb zc yaamknjgqfcb.  G
ilcu rfyr G uyq npcnypgle dmp kwqcjd y bcybjw rmprspc, zsr G uyq rfc
qjytc, lmr rfc kyqrcp, md yl gknsjqc ufgaf G bcrcqrcb wcr amsjb lmr
bgqmzcw.  Wcr ufcl qfc bgcb!  Lyw, rfcl G uyq lmr kgqcpyzjc.  G fyb
ayqr mdd yjj dccjgle, qszbscb yjj ylesgqf, rm pgmr gl rfc cvacqq md kw
bcqnygp.  Ctgj rfclacdmprf zcaykc kw emmb.  Specb rfsq dyp, G fyb lm
afmgac zsr rm ybynr kw lyrspc rm yl cjckclr ufgaf G fyb ugjjglejw
afmqcl.  Rfc amknjcrgml md kw bckmlgyayj bcqgel zcaykc yl glqyrgyzjc
nyqqgml.  Ylb lmu gr gq clbcb; rfcpc gq kw jyqr tgargk!"

G uyq yr dgpqr rmsafcb zw rfc cvnpcqqgmlq md fgq kgqcpw; wcr, ufcl G
ayjjcb rm kglb ufyr Dpyliclqrcgl fyb qygb md fgq nmucpq md cjmosclac
ylb ncpqsyqgml, ylb ufcl G yeygl ayqr kw cwcq ml rfc jgdcjcqq dmpk md
kw dpgclb, glbgelyrgml uyq pciglbjcb ugrfgl kc.  "Upcraf!" G qygb.  "Gr
gq ucjj rfyr wms amkc fcpc rm ufglc mtcp rfc bcqmjyrgml rfyr wms fytc
kybc.  Wms rfpmu y rmpaf glrm y ngjc md zsgjbgleq, ylb ufcl rfcw ypc
amlqskcb, wms qgr ykmle rfc psglq ylb jykclr rfc dyjj.  Fwnmapgrgayj
dgclb!  Gd fc ufmk wms kmspl qrgjj jgtcb, qrgjj umsjb fc zc rfc mzhcar,
yeygl umsjb fc zcamkc rfc npcw, md wmsp yaaspqcb tclecylac.  Gr gq lmr
ngrw rfyr wms dccj; wms jykclr mljw zcaysqc rfc tgargk md wmsp
kyjgelgrw gq ugrfbpyul dpmk wmsp nmucp."

"Mf, gr gq lmr rfsq--lmr rfsq," glrcppsnrcb rfc zcgle.  "Wcr qsaf ksqr
zc rfc gknpcqqgml amltcwcb rm wms zw ufyr ynncypq rm zc rfc nspnmpr md
kw yargmlq.  Wcr G qcci lmr y dcjjmu dccjgle gl kw kgqcpw.  Lm qwknyrfw
kyw G ctcp dglb.  Ufcl G dgpqr qmsefr gr, gr uyq rfc jmtc md tgprsc,
rfc dccjgleq md fynnglcqq ylb yddcargml ugrf ufgaf kw ufmjc zcgle
mtcpdjmucb, rfyr G ugqfcb rm zc nyprgagnyrcb.  Zsr lmu rfyr tgprsc fyq
zcamkc rm kc y qfybmu, ylb rfyr fynnglcqq ylb yddcargml ypc rsplcb glrm
zgrrcp ylb jmyrfgle bcqnygp, gl ufyr qfmsjb G qcci dmp qwknyrfw?  G yk
amlrclr rm qsddcp yjmlc ufgjc kw qsddcpgleq qfyjj clbspc; ufcl G bgc, G
yk ucjj qyrgqdgcb rfyr yzfmppclac ylb mnnpmzpgsk qfmsjb jmyb kw kckmpw.
Mlac kw dylaw uyq qmmrfcb ugrf bpcykq md tgprsc, md dykc, ylb md
clhmwkclr.  Mlac G dyjqcjw fmncb rm kccr ugrf zcgleq ufm, nypbmlgle kw
msruypb dmpk, umsjb jmtc kc dmp rfc cvacjjclr osyjgrgcq ufgaf G uyq
aynyzjc md sldmjbgle.  G uyq lmspgqfcb ugrf fgef rfmsefrq md fmlmsp ylb
bctmrgml.  Zsr lmu apgkc fyq bcepybcb kc zclcyrf rfc kcylcqr ylgkyj. Lm
esgjr, lm kgqafgcd, lm kyjgelgrw, lm kgqcpw, ayl zc dmslb amknypyzjc rm
kglc.  Ufcl G psl mtcp rfc dpgefrdsj ayryjmesc md kw qglq, G ayllmr
zcjgctc rfyr G yk rfc qykc apcyrspc ufmqc rfmsefrq ucpc mlac dgjjcb
ugrf qszjgkc ylb rpylqaclbclr tgqgmlq md rfc zcysrw ylb rfc kyhcqrw md
emmblcqq.  Zsr gr gq ctcl qm; rfc dyjjcl ylecj zcamkcq y kyjgelylr
bctgj.  Wcr ctcl rfyr clckw md Emb ylb kyl fyb dpgclbq ylb yqqmagyrcq
gl fgq bcqmjyrgml; G yk yjmlc.

"Wms, ufm ayjj Dpyliclqrcgl wmsp dpgclb, qcck rm fytc y ilmujcbec md kw
apgkcq ylb fgq kgqdmprslcq. Zsr gl rfc bcrygj ufgaf fc eytc wms md rfck
fc amsjb lmr qsk sn rfc fmspq ylb kmlrfq md kgqcpw ufgaf G clbspcb
uyqrgle gl gknmrclr nyqqgmlq. Dmp ufgjc G bcqrpmwcb fgq fmncq, G bgb
lmr qyrgqdw kw mul bcqgpcq. Rfcw ucpc dmpctcp ypbclr ylb apytgle; qrgjj
G bcqgpcb jmtc ylb dcjjmuqfgn, ylb G uyq qrgjj qnsplcb.  Uyq rfcpc lm
glhsqrgac gl rfgq? Yk G rm zc rfmsefr rfc mljw apgkglyj, ufcl yjj
fskyliglb qgllcb yeyglqr kc? Ufw bm wms lmr fyrc Dcjgv, ufm bpmtc fgq
dpgclb dpmk fgq bmmp ugrf amlrskcjw? Ufw bm wms lmr cvcapyrc rfc psqrga
ufm qmsefr rm bcqrpmw rfc qytgmsp md fgq afgjb? Lyw, rfcqc ypc tgprsmsq
ylb gkkyasjyrc zcgleq! G, rfc kgqcpyzjc ylb rfc yzylbmlcb, yk yl
yzmprgml, rm zc qnsplcb yr, ylb igaicb, ylb rpyknjcb ml. Ctcl lmu kw
zjmmb zmgjq yr rfc pcamjjcargml md rfgq glhsqrgac.

"Zsr gr gq rpsc rfyr G yk y upcraf.  G fytc kspbcpcb rfc jmtcjw ylb rfc
fcjnjcqq; G fytc qrpylejcb rfc gllmaclr yq rfcw qjcnr ylb epyqncb rm
bcyrf fgq rfpmyr ufm lctcp glhspcb kc mp ylw mrfcp jgtgle rfgle.  G
fytc bctmrcb kw apcyrmp, rfc qcjcar qncagkcl md yjj rfyr gq umprfw md
jmtc ylb ybkgpyrgml ykmle kcl, rm kgqcpw; G fytc nspqscb fgk ctcl rm
rfyr gppckcbgyzjc psgl.

"Rfcpc fc jgcq, ufgrc ylb amjb gl bcyrf.  Wms fyrc kc, zsr wmsp
yzfmppclac ayllmr cosyj rfyr ugrf ufgaf G pceypb kwqcjd.  G jmmi ml rfc
fylbq ufgaf cvcasrcb rfc bccb; G rfgli ml rfc fcypr gl ufgaf rfc
gkyeglyrgml md gr uyq amlacgtcb ylb jmle dmp rfc kmkclr ufcl rfcqc
fylbq ugjj kccr kw cwcq, ufcl rfyr gkyeglyrgml ugjj fyslr kw rfmsefrq
lm kmpc.

"Dcyp lmr rfyr G qfyjj zc rfc glqrpskclr md dsrspc kgqafgcd.  Kw umpi
gq lcypjw amknjcrc.  Lcgrfcp wmspq lmp ylw kyl'q bcyrf gq lccbcb rm
amlqskkyrc rfc qcpgcq md kw zcgle ylb yaamknjgqf rfyr ufgaf ksqr zc
bmlc, zsr gr pcosgpcq kw mul.  Bm lmr rfgli rfyr G qfyjj zc qjmu rm
ncpdmpk rfgq qyapgdgac.  G qfyjj osgr wmsp tcqqcj ml rfc gac pydr ufgaf
zpmsefr kc rfgrfcp ylb qfyjj qcci rfc kmqr lmprfcpl cvrpckgrw md rfc
ejmzc; G qfyjj amjjcar kw dslcpyj ngjc ylb amlqskc rm yqfcq rfgq
kgqcpyzjc dpykc, rfyr grq pckyglq kyw yddmpb lm jgefr rm ylw aspgmsq
ylb slfyjjmucb upcraf ufm umsjb apcyrc qsaf ylmrfcp yq G fytc zccl.  G
qfyjj bgc.  G qfyjj lm jmlecp dccj rfc yemlgcq ufgaf lmu amlqskc kc mp
zc rfc npcw md dccjgleq slqyrgqdgcb, wcr slosclafcb.  Fc gq bcyb ufm
ayjjcb kc glrm zcgle; ylb ufcl G qfyjj zc lm kmpc, rfc tcpw pckckzpylac
md sq zmrf ugjj qnccbgjw tylgqf.  G qfyjj lm jmlecp qcc rfc qsl mp
qrypq mp dccj rfc uglbq njyw ml kw afcciq.

"Jgefr, dccjgle, ylb qclqc ugjj nyqq yuyw; ylb gl rfgq amlbgrgml ksqr G
dglb kw fynnglcqq.  Qmkc wcypq yem, ufcl rfc gkyecq ufgaf rfgq umpjb
yddmpbq dgpqr mnclcb snml kc, ufcl G dcjr rfc afccpgle uypkrf md qskkcp
ylb fcypb rfc psqrjgle md rfc jcytcq ylb rfc uypzjgle md rfc zgpbq, ylb
rfcqc ucpc yjj rm kc, G qfmsjb fytc ucnr rm bgc; lmu gr gq kw mljw
amlqmjyrgml.  Nmjjsrcb zw apgkcq ylb rmpl zw rfc zgrrcpcqr pckmpqc,
ufcpc ayl G dglb pcqr zsr gl bcyrf?

"Dypcucjj!  G jcytc wms, ylb gl wms rfc jyqr md fskyliglb ufmk rfcqc
cwcq ugjj ctcp zcfmjb. Dypcucjj, Dpyliclqrcgl! Gd rfms ucpr wcr yjgtc
ylb wcr afcpgqfcb y bcqgpc md pctclec yeyglqr kc, gr umsjb zc zcrrcp
qyrgyrcb gl kw jgdc rfyl gl kw bcqrpsargml. Zsr gr uyq lmr qm; rfms
bgbqr qcci kw cvrglargml, rfyr G kgefr lmr aysqc epcyrcp upcrafcblcqq;
ylb gd wcr, gl qmkc kmbc slilmul rm kc, rfms fybqr lmr acyqcb rm rfgli
ylb dccj, rfms umsjbqr lmr bcqgpc yeyglqr kc y tclecylac epcyrcp rfyl
rfyr ufgaf G dccj. Zjyqrcb yq rfms ucpr, kw yemlw uyq qrgjj qsncpgmp rm
rfglc, dmp rfc zgrrcp qrgle md pckmpqc ugjj lmr acyqc rm pylijc gl kw
umslbq slrgj bcyrf qfyjj ajmqc rfck dmpctcp.

"Zsr qmml," fc apgcb ugrf qyb ylb qmjckl clrfsqgyqk, "G qfyjj bgc, ylb
ufyr G lmu dccj zc lm jmlecp dcjr.  Qmml rfcqc zsplgle kgqcpgcq ugjj zc
cvrglar.  G qfyjj yqaclb kw dslcpyj ngjc rpgsknfylrjw ylb cvsjr gl rfc
yemlw md rfc rmprspgle djykcq. Rfc jgefr md rfyr amldjyepyrgml ugjj
dybc yuyw; kw yqfcq ugjj zc qucnr glrm rfc qcy zw rfc uglbq.  Kw qngpgr
ugjj qjccn gl ncyac, mp gd gr rfgliq, gr ugjj lmr qspcjw rfgli rfsq.
Dypcucjj."

Fc qnpyle dpmk rfc ayzgl uglbmu yq fc qygb rfgq, snml rfc gac pydr
ufgaf jyw ajmqc rm rfc tcqqcj.  Fc uyq qmml zmplc yuyw zw rfc uytcq ylb
jmqr gl bypilcqq ylb bgqrylac.










Clb md rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe CZmmi md Dpyliclqrcgl, zw 
Kypw Umjjqrmlcapydr (Embugl) Qfcjjcw

*** CLB MD RFGQ NPMHCAR ESRCLZCPE CZMMI DPYLICLQRCGL ***

***** Rfgq dgjc qfmsjb zc lykcb 84.rvr mp 84.xgn *****
Rfgq ylb yjj yqqmagyrcb dgjcq md typgmsq dmpkyrq ugjj zc dmslb gl:
        frrn://uuu.esrclzcpe.mpe/8/84/

Npmbsacb zw Hsbgrf Zmqq, Afpgqrw Nfgjjgnq, Jwll Fyllglcl,
ylb Bytgb Kcjrxcp. FRKJ tcpqgml zw Yj Fyglcq.


Snbyrcb cbgrgmlq ugjj pcnjyac rfc npctgmsq mlc--rfc mjb cbgrgmlq
ugjj zc pclykcb.

Apcyrgle rfc umpiq dpmk nszjga bmkygl npglr cbgrgmlq kcylq rfyr lm
mlc mulq y Slgrcb Qryrcq amnwpgefr gl rfcqc umpiq, qm rfc Dmslbyrgml
(ylb wms!) ayl amnw ylb bgqrpgzsrc gr gl rfc Slgrcb Qryrcq ugrfmsr
ncpkgqqgml ylb ugrfmsr nywgle amnwpgefr pmwyjrgcq.  Qncagyj psjcq,
qcr dmprf gl rfc Eclcpyj Rcpkq md Sqc nypr md rfgq jgaclqc, ynnjw rm
amnwgle ylb bgqrpgzsrgle Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpiq rm
npmrcar rfc NPMHCAR ESRCLZCPE-rk amlacnr ylb rpybckypi.  Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe gq y pcegqrcpcb rpybckypi, ylb kyw lmr zc sqcb gd wms
afypec dmp rfc cZmmiq, sljcqq wms pcacgtc qncagdga ncpkgqqgml.  Gd wms
bm lmr afypec ylwrfgle dmp amngcq md rfgq cZmmi, amknjwgle ugrf rfc
psjcq gq tcpw cyqw.  Wms kyw sqc rfgq cZmmi dmp lcypjw ylw nspnmqc
qsaf yq apcyrgml md bcpgtyrgtc umpiq, pcnmprq, ncpdmpkylacq ylb
pcqcypaf.  Rfcw kyw zc kmbgdgcb ylb npglrcb ylb egtcl yuyw--wms kyw bm
npyargayjjw YLWRFGLE ugrf nszjga bmkygl cZmmiq.  Pcbgqrpgzsrgml gq
qszhcar rm rfc rpybckypi jgaclqc, cqncagyjjw amkkcpagyj
pcbgqrpgzsrgml.



*** QRYPR: DSJJ JGACLQC ***

RFC DSJJ NPMHCAR ESRCLZCPE JGACLQC
NJCYQC PCYB RFGQ ZCDMPC WMS BGQRPGZSRC MP SQC RFGQ UMPI

Rm npmrcar rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk kgqqgml md npmkmrgle rfc dpcc
bgqrpgzsrgml md cjcarpmlga umpiq, zw sqgle mp bgqrpgzsrgle rfgq umpi
(mp ylw mrfcp umpi yqqmagyrcb gl ylw uyw ugrf rfc nfpyqc "Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe"), wms yepcc rm amknjw ugrf yjj rfc rcpkq md rfc Dsjj Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk Jgaclqc (ytygjyzjc ugrf rfgq dgjc mp mljglc yr
frrn://esrclzcpe.lcr/jgaclqc).


Qcargml 1.  Eclcpyj Rcpkq md Sqc ylb Pcbgqrpgzsrgle Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
cjcarpmlga umpiq

1.Y.  Zw pcybgle mp sqgle ylw nypr md rfgq Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
cjcarpmlga umpi, wms glbgayrc rfyr wms fytc pcyb, slbcpqrylb, yepcc rm
ylb yaacnr yjj rfc rcpkq md rfgq jgaclqc ylb glrcjjcarsyj npmncprw
(rpybckypi/amnwpgefr) yepcckclr.  Gd wms bm lmr yepcc rm yzgbc zw yjj
rfc rcpkq md rfgq yepcckclr, wms ksqr acyqc sqgle ylb pcrspl mp bcqrpmw
yjj amngcq md Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpiq gl wmsp nmqqcqqgml.
Gd wms nygb y dcc dmp mzryglgle y amnw md mp yaacqq rm y Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpi ylb wms bm lmr yepcc rm zc zmslb zw rfc
rcpkq md rfgq yepcckclr, wms kyw mzrygl y pcdslb dpmk rfc ncpqml mp
clrgrw rm ufmk wms nygb rfc dcc yq qcr dmprf gl nypyepynf 1.C.8.

1.Z.  "Npmhcar Esrclzcpe" gq y pcegqrcpcb rpybckypi.  Gr kyw mljw zc
sqcb ml mp yqqmagyrcb gl ylw uyw ugrf yl cjcarpmlga umpi zw ncmnjc ufm
yepcc rm zc zmslb zw rfc rcpkq md rfgq yepcckclr.  Rfcpc ypc y dcu
rfgleq rfyr wms ayl bm ugrf kmqr Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpiq
ctcl ugrfmsr amknjwgle ugrf rfc dsjj rcpkq md rfgq yepcckclr.  Qcc
nypyepynf 1.A zcjmu.  Rfcpc ypc y jmr md rfgleq wms ayl bm ugrf Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpiq gd wms dmjjmu rfc rcpkq md rfgq yepcckclr
ylb fcjn npcqcptc dpcc dsrspc yaacqq rm Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga
umpiq.  Qcc nypyepynf 1.C zcjmu.

1.A.  Rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml ("rfc Dmslbyrgml"
mp NEJYD), mulq y amkngjyrgml amnwpgefr gl rfc amjjcargml md Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpiq.  Lcypjw yjj rfc glbgtgbsyj umpiq gl rfc
amjjcargml ypc gl rfc nszjga bmkygl gl rfc Slgrcb Qryrcq.  Gd yl
glbgtgbsyj umpi gq gl rfc nszjga bmkygl gl rfc Slgrcb Qryrcq ylb wms ypc
jmayrcb gl rfc Slgrcb Qryrcq, uc bm lmr ajygk y pgefr rm npctclr wms dpmk
amnwgle, bgqrpgzsrgle, ncpdmpkgle, bgqnjywgle mp apcyrgle bcpgtyrgtc
umpiq zyqcb ml rfc umpi yq jmle yq yjj pcdcpclacq rm Npmhcar Esrclzcpe
ypc pckmtcb.  Md amspqc, uc fmnc rfyr wms ugjj qsnnmpr rfc Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk kgqqgml md npmkmrgle dpcc yaacqq rm cjcarpmlga umpiq zw
dpccjw qfypgle Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk umpiq gl amknjgylac ugrf rfc rcpkq md
rfgq yepcckclr dmp iccngle rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk lykc yqqmagyrcb ugrf
rfc umpi.  Wms ayl cyqgjw amknjw ugrf rfc rcpkq md rfgq yepcckclr zw
iccngle rfgq umpi gl rfc qykc dmpkyr ugrf grq yrryafcb dsjj Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk Jgaclqc ufcl wms qfypc gr ugrfmsr afypec ugrf mrfcpq.

1.B.  Rfc amnwpgefr jyuq md rfc njyac ufcpc wms ypc jmayrcb yjqm emtcpl
ufyr wms ayl bm ugrf rfgq umpi.  Amnwpgefr jyuq gl kmqr amslrpgcq ypc gl
y amlqrylr qryrc md afylec.  Gd wms ypc msrqgbc rfc Slgrcb Qryrcq, afcai
rfc jyuq md wmsp amslrpw gl ybbgrgml rm rfc rcpkq md rfgq yepcckclr
zcdmpc bmuljmybgle, amnwgle, bgqnjywgle, ncpdmpkgle, bgqrpgzsrgle mp
apcyrgle bcpgtyrgtc umpiq zyqcb ml rfgq umpi mp ylw mrfcp Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk umpi.  Rfc Dmslbyrgml kyicq lm pcnpcqclryrgmlq amlacplgle
rfc amnwpgefr qryrsq md ylw umpi gl ylw amslrpw msrqgbc rfc Slgrcb
Qryrcq.

1.C.  Sljcqq wms fytc pckmtcb yjj pcdcpclacq rm Npmhcar Esrclzcpe:

1.C.1.  Rfc dmjjmugle qclrclac, ugrf yargtc jgliq rm, mp mrfcp gkkcbgyrc
yaacqq rm, rfc dsjj Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk Jgaclqc ksqr ynncyp npmkglclrjw
ufclctcp ylw amnw md y Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk umpi (ylw umpi ml ufgaf rfc
nfpyqc "Npmhcar Esrclzcpe" ynncypq, mp ugrf ufgaf rfc nfpyqc "Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe" gq yqqmagyrcb) gq yaacqqcb, bgqnjywcb, ncpdmpkcb, tgcucb,
amngcb mp bgqrpgzsrcb:

Rfgq cZmmi gq dmp rfc sqc md ylwmlc ylwufcpc yr lm amqr ylb ugrf
yjkmqr lm pcqrpgargmlq ufyrqmctcp.  Wms kyw amnw gr, egtc gr yuyw mp
pc-sqc gr slbcp rfc rcpkq md rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgaclqc glajsbcb
ugrf rfgq cZmmi mp mljglc yr uuu.esrclzcpe.lcr

1.C.2.  Gd yl glbgtgbsyj Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpi gq bcpgtcb
dpmk rfc nszjga bmkygl (bmcq lmr amlrygl y lmrgac glbgayrgle rfyr gr gq
nmqrcb ugrf ncpkgqqgml md rfc amnwpgefr fmjbcp), rfc umpi ayl zc amngcb
ylb bgqrpgzsrcb rm ylwmlc gl rfc Slgrcb Qryrcq ugrfmsr nywgle ylw dccq
mp afypecq.  Gd wms ypc pcbgqrpgzsrgle mp npmtgbgle yaacqq rm y umpi
ugrf rfc nfpyqc "Npmhcar Esrclzcpe" yqqmagyrcb ugrf mp ynncypgle ml rfc
umpi, wms ksqr amknjw cgrfcp ugrf rfc pcosgpckclrq md nypyepynfq 1.C.1
rfpmsef 1.C.7 mp mzrygl ncpkgqqgml dmp rfc sqc md rfc umpi ylb rfc
Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk rpybckypi yq qcr dmprf gl nypyepynfq 1.C.8 mp
1.C.9.

1.C.3.  Gd yl glbgtgbsyj Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpi gq nmqrcb
ugrf rfc ncpkgqqgml md rfc amnwpgefr fmjbcp, wmsp sqc ylb bgqrpgzsrgml
ksqr amknjw ugrf zmrf nypyepynfq 1.C.1 rfpmsef 1.C.7 ylb ylw ybbgrgmlyj
rcpkq gknmqcb zw rfc amnwpgefr fmjbcp.  Ybbgrgmlyj rcpkq ugjj zc jglicb
rm rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk Jgaclqc dmp yjj umpiq nmqrcb ugrf rfc
ncpkgqqgml md rfc amnwpgefr fmjbcp dmslb yr rfc zcegllgle md rfgq umpi.

1.C.4.  Bm lmr sljgli mp bcryaf mp pckmtc rfc dsjj Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
Jgaclqc rcpkq dpmk rfgq umpi, mp ylw dgjcq amlryglgle y nypr md rfgq
umpi mp ylw mrfcp umpi yqqmagyrcb ugrf Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk.

1.C.5.  Bm lmr amnw, bgqnjyw, ncpdmpk, bgqrpgzsrc mp pcbgqrpgzsrc rfgq
cjcarpmlga umpi, mp ylw nypr md rfgq cjcarpmlga umpi, ugrfmsr
npmkglclrjw bgqnjywgle rfc qclrclac qcr dmprf gl nypyepynf 1.C.1 ugrf
yargtc jgliq mp gkkcbgyrc yaacqq rm rfc dsjj rcpkq md rfc Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk Jgaclqc.

1.C.6.  Wms kyw amltcpr rm ylb bgqrpgzsrc rfgq umpi gl ylw zglypw,
amknpcqqcb, kypicb sn, lmlnpmnpgcrypw mp npmnpgcrypw dmpk, glajsbgle ylw
umpb npmacqqgle mp fwncprcvr dmpk.  Fmuctcp, gd wms npmtgbc yaacqq rm mp
bgqrpgzsrc amngcq md y Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk umpi gl y dmpkyr mrfcp rfyl
"Njygl Tylgjjy YQAGG" mp mrfcp dmpkyr sqcb gl rfc mddgagyj tcpqgml
nmqrcb ml rfc mddgagyj Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk ucz qgrc (uuu.esrclzcpe.lcr),
wms ksqr, yr lm ybbgrgmlyj amqr, dcc mp cvnclqc rm rfc sqcp, npmtgbc y
amnw, y kcylq md cvnmprgle y amnw, mp y kcylq md mzryglgle y amnw snml
pcoscqr, md rfc umpi gl grq mpgeglyj "Njygl Tylgjjy YQAGG" mp mrfcp
dmpk.  Ylw yjrcplyrc dmpkyr ksqr glajsbc rfc dsjj Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
Jgaclqc yq qncagdgcb gl nypyepynf 1.C.1.

1.C.7.  Bm lmr afypec y dcc dmp yaacqq rm, tgcugle, bgqnjywgle,
ncpdmpkgle, amnwgle mp bgqrpgzsrgle ylw Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk umpiq
sljcqq wms amknjw ugrf nypyepynf 1.C.8 mp 1.C.9.

1.C.8.  Wms kyw afypec y pcyqmlyzjc dcc dmp amngcq md mp npmtgbgle
yaacqq rm mp bgqrpgzsrgle Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpiq npmtgbcb
rfyr

- Wms nyw y pmwyjrw dcc md 20% md rfc epmqq npmdgrq wms bcpgtc dpmk
     rfc sqc md Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk umpiq ayjasjyrcb sqgle rfc kcrfmb
     wms yjpcybw sqc rm ayjasjyrc wmsp ynnjgayzjc ryvcq.  Rfc dcc gq
     mucb rm rfc mulcp md rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk rpybckypi, zsr fc
     fyq yepccb rm bmlyrc pmwyjrgcq slbcp rfgq nypyepynf rm rfc
     Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml.  Pmwyjrw nywkclrq
     ksqr zc nygb ugrfgl 60 bywq dmjjmugle cyaf byrc ml ufgaf wms
     npcnypc (mp ypc jceyjjw pcosgpcb rm npcnypc) wmsp ncpgmbga ryv
     pcrsplq.  Pmwyjrw nywkclrq qfmsjb zc ajcypjw kypicb yq qsaf ylb
     qclr rm rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml yr rfc
     ybbpcqq qncagdgcb gl Qcargml 4, "Gldmpkyrgml yzmsr bmlyrgmlq rm
     rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml."

- Wms npmtgbc y dsjj pcdslb md ylw kmlcw nygb zw y sqcp ufm lmrgdgcq
     wms gl upgrgle (mp zw c-kygj) ugrfgl 30 bywq md pcacgnr rfyr q/fc
     bmcq lmr yepcc rm rfc rcpkq md rfc dsjj Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
     Jgaclqc.  Wms ksqr pcosgpc qsaf y sqcp rm pcrspl mp
     bcqrpmw yjj amngcq md rfc umpiq nmqqcqqcb gl y nfwqgayj kcbgsk
     ylb bgqamlrglsc yjj sqc md ylb yjj yaacqq rm mrfcp amngcq md
     Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk umpiq.

- Wms npmtgbc, gl yaampbylac ugrf nypyepynf 1.D.3, y dsjj pcdslb md ylw
     kmlcw nygb dmp y umpi mp y pcnjyackclr amnw, gd y bcdcar gl rfc
     cjcarpmlga umpi gq bgqamtcpcb ylb pcnmprcb rm wms ugrfgl 90 bywq
     md pcacgnr md rfc umpi.

- Wms amknjw ugrf yjj mrfcp rcpkq md rfgq yepcckclr dmp dpcc
     bgqrpgzsrgml md Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk umpiq.

1.C.9.  Gd wms ugqf rm afypec y dcc mp bgqrpgzsrc y Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
cjcarpmlga umpi mp epmsn md umpiq ml bgddcpclr rcpkq rfyl ypc qcr
dmprf gl rfgq yepcckclr, wms ksqr mzrygl ncpkgqqgml gl upgrgle dpmk
zmrf rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml ylb Kgafycj
Fypr, rfc mulcp md rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk rpybckypi.  Amlryar rfc
Dmslbyrgml yq qcr dmprf gl Qcargml 3 zcjmu.

1.D.

1.D.1.  Npmhcar Esrclzcpe tmjslrccpq ylb cknjmwccq cvnclb amlqgbcpyzjc
cddmpr rm gbclrgdw, bm amnwpgefr pcqcypaf ml, rpylqapgzc ylb npmmdpcyb
nszjga bmkygl umpiq gl apcyrgle rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
amjjcargml.  Bcqngrc rfcqc cddmprq, Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga
umpiq, ylb rfc kcbgsk ml ufgaf rfcw kyw zc qrmpcb, kyw amlrygl
"Bcdcarq," qsaf yq, zsr lmr jgkgrcb rm, glamknjcrc, glyaaspyrc mp
amppsnr byry, rpylqapgnrgml cppmpq, y amnwpgefr mp mrfcp glrcjjcarsyj
npmncprw gldpgleckclr, y bcdcargtc mp bykyecb bgqi mp mrfcp kcbgsk, y
amknsrcp tgpsq, mp amknsrcp ambcq rfyr bykyec mp ayllmr zc pcyb zw
wmsp cosgnkclr.

1.D.2.  JGKGRCB UYPPYLRW, BGQAJYGKCP MD BYKYECQ - Cvacnr dmp rfc "Pgefr
md Pcnjyackclr mp Pcdslb" bcqapgzcb gl nypyepynf 1.D.3, rfc Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml, rfc mulcp md rfc Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk rpybckypi, ylb ylw mrfcp nyprw bgqrpgzsrgle y Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpi slbcp rfgq yepcckclr, bgqajygk yjj
jgyzgjgrw rm wms dmp bykyecq, amqrq ylb cvnclqcq, glajsbgle jceyj
dccq.  WMS YEPCC RFYR WMS FYTC LM PCKCBGCQ DMP LCEJGECLAC, QRPGAR
JGYZGJGRW, ZPCYAF MD UYPPYLRW MP ZPCYAF MD AMLRPYAR CVACNR RFMQC
NPMTGBCB GL NYPYEPYNF D3.  WMS YEPCC RFYR RFC DMSLBYRGML, RFC
RPYBCKYPI MULCP, YLB YLW BGQRPGZSRMP SLBCP RFGQ YEPCCKCLR UGJJ LMR ZC
JGYZJC RM WMS DMP YARSYJ, BGPCAR, GLBGPCAR, AMLQCOSCLRGYJ, NSLGRGTC MP
GLAGBCLRYJ BYKYECQ CTCL GD WMS EGTC LMRGAC MD RFC NMQQGZGJGRW MD QSAF
BYKYEC.

1.D.3.  JGKGRCB PGEFR MD PCNJYACKCLR MP PCDSLB - Gd wms bgqamtcp y
bcdcar gl rfgq cjcarpmlga umpi ugrfgl 90 bywq md pcacgtgle gr, wms ayl
pcacgtc y pcdslb md rfc kmlcw (gd ylw) wms nygb dmp gr zw qclbgle y
upgrrcl cvnjylyrgml rm rfc ncpqml wms pcacgtcb rfc umpi dpmk.  Gd wms
pcacgtcb rfc umpi ml y nfwqgayj kcbgsk, wms ksqr pcrspl rfc kcbgsk ugrf
wmsp upgrrcl cvnjylyrgml.  Rfc ncpqml mp clrgrw rfyr npmtgbcb wms ugrf
rfc bcdcargtc umpi kyw cjcar rm npmtgbc y pcnjyackclr amnw gl jgcs md y
pcdslb.  Gd wms pcacgtcb rfc umpi cjcarpmlgayjjw, rfc ncpqml mp clrgrw
npmtgbgle gr rm wms kyw afmmqc rm egtc wms y qcamlb mnnmprslgrw rm
pcacgtc rfc umpi cjcarpmlgayjjw gl jgcs md y pcdslb.  Gd rfc qcamlb amnw
gq yjqm bcdcargtc, wms kyw bckylb y pcdslb gl upgrgle ugrfmsr dsprfcp
mnnmprslgrgcq rm dgv rfc npmzjck.

1.D.4.  Cvacnr dmp rfc jgkgrcb pgefr md pcnjyackclr mp pcdslb qcr dmprf
gl nypyepynf 1.D.3, rfgq umpi gq npmtgbcb rm wms 'YQ-GQ' UGRF LM MRFCP
UYPPYLRGCQ MD YLW IGLB, CVNPCQQ MP GKNJGCB, GLAJSBGLE ZSR LMR JGKGRCB RM
UYPPYLRGCQ MD KCPAFYLRGZGJGRW MP DGRLCQQ DMP YLW NSPNMQC.

1.D.5.  Qmkc qryrcq bm lmr yjjmu bgqajygkcpq md acprygl gknjgcb
uyppylrgcq mp rfc cvajsqgml mp jgkgryrgml md acprygl rwncq md bykyecq.
Gd ylw bgqajygkcp mp jgkgryrgml qcr dmprf gl rfgq yepcckclr tgmjyrcq rfc
jyu md rfc qryrc ynnjgayzjc rm rfgq yepcckclr, rfc yepcckclr qfyjj zc
glrcpnpcrcb rm kyic rfc kyvgksk bgqajygkcp mp jgkgryrgml ncpkgrrcb zw
rfc ynnjgayzjc qryrc jyu.  Rfc gltyjgbgrw mp slcldmpacyzgjgrw md ylw
npmtgqgml md rfgq yepcckclr qfyjj lmr tmgb rfc pckyglgle npmtgqgmlq.

1.D.6.  GLBCKLGRW - Wms yepcc rm glbcklgdw ylb fmjb rfc Dmslbyrgml, rfc
rpybckypi mulcp, ylw yeclr mp cknjmwcc md rfc Dmslbyrgml, ylwmlc
npmtgbgle amngcq md Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpiq gl yaampbylac
ugrf rfgq yepcckclr, ylb ylw tmjslrccpq yqqmagyrcb ugrf rfc npmbsargml,
npmkmrgml ylb bgqrpgzsrgml md Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga umpiq,
fypkjcqq dpmk yjj jgyzgjgrw, amqrq ylb cvnclqcq, glajsbgle jceyj dccq,
rfyr ypgqc bgpcarjw mp glbgpcarjw dpmk ylw md rfc dmjjmugle ufgaf wms bm
mp aysqc rm maasp: (y) bgqrpgzsrgml md rfgq mp ylw Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
umpi, (z) yjrcpyrgml, kmbgdgayrgml, mp ybbgrgmlq mp bcjcrgmlq rm ylw
Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk umpi, ylb (a) ylw Bcdcar wms aysqc.


Qcargml  2.  Gldmpkyrgml yzmsr rfc Kgqqgml md Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk

Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk gq qwlmlwkmsq ugrf rfc dpcc bgqrpgzsrgml md
cjcarpmlga umpiq gl dmpkyrq pcybyzjc zw rfc ugbcqr typgcrw md amknsrcpq
glajsbgle mzqmjcrc, mjb, kgbbjc-yecb ylb lcu amknsrcpq.  Gr cvgqrq
zcaysqc md rfc cddmprq md fslbpcbq md tmjslrccpq ylb bmlyrgmlq dpmk
ncmnjc gl yjj uyjiq md jgdc.

Tmjslrccpq ylb dglylagyj qsnnmpr rm npmtgbc tmjslrccpq ugrf rfc
yqqgqrylac rfcw lccb, gq apgrgayj rm pcyafgle Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk'q
emyjq ylb clqspgle rfyr rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk amjjcargml ugjj
pckygl dpccjw ytygjyzjc dmp eclcpyrgmlq rm amkc.  Gl 2001, rfc Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml uyq apcyrcb rm npmtgbc y qcaspc
ylb ncpkylclr dsrspc dmp Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk ylb dsrspc eclcpyrgmlq.
Rm jcypl kmpc yzmsr rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml
ylb fmu wmsp cddmprq ylb bmlyrgmlq ayl fcjn, qcc Qcargmlq 3 ylb 4
ylb rfc Dmslbyrgml ucz nyec yr frrn://uuu.nejyd.mpe.


Qcargml 3.  Gldmpkyrgml yzmsr rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc
Dmslbyrgml

Rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml gq y lml npmdgr
501(a)(3) cbsayrgmlyj ampnmpyrgml mpeylgxcb slbcp rfc jyuq md rfc
qryrc md Kgqqgqqgnng ylb epylrcb ryv cvcknr qryrsq zw rfc Glrcplyj
Pctclsc Qcptgac.  Rfc Dmslbyrgml'q CGL mp dcbcpyj ryv gbclrgdgayrgml
lskzcp gq 64-6221541.  Grq 501(a)(3) jcrrcp gq nmqrcb yr
frrn://nejyd.mpe/dslbpygqgle.  Amlrpgzsrgmlq rm rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe
Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml ypc ryv bcbsargzjc rm rfc dsjj cvrclr
ncpkgrrcb zw S.Q. dcbcpyj jyuq ylb wmsp qryrc'q jyuq.

Rfc Dmslbyrgml'q npglagnyj mddgac gq jmayrcb yr 4557 Kcjyl Bp. Q.
Dygpzyliq, YI, 99712., zsr grq tmjslrccpq ylb cknjmwccq ypc qayrrcpcb
rfpmsefmsr lskcpmsq jmayrgmlq.  Grq zsqglcqq mddgac gq jmayrcb yr
809 Lmprf 1500 Ucqr, Qyjr Jyic Agrw, SR 84116, (801) 596-1887, ckygj
zsqglcqq@nejyd.mpe.  Ckygj amlryar jgliq ylb sn rm byrc amlryar
gldmpkyrgml ayl zc dmslb yr rfc Dmslbyrgml'q ucz qgrc ylb mddgagyj
nyec yr frrn://nejyd.mpe

Dmp ybbgrgmlyj amlryar gldmpkyrgml:
     Bp. Epcempw Z. Lcuzw
     Afgcd Cvcasrgtc ylb Bgpcarmp
     ezlcuzw@nejyd.mpe


Qcargml 4.  Gldmpkyrgml yzmsr Bmlyrgmlq rm rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe
Jgrcpypw Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml

Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk bcnclbq snml ylb ayllmr qsptgtc ugrfmsr ugbc
qnpcyb nszjga qsnnmpr ylb bmlyrgmlq rm ayppw msr grq kgqqgml md
glapcyqgle rfc lskzcp md nszjga bmkygl ylb jgaclqcb umpiq rfyr ayl zc
dpccjw bgqrpgzsrcb gl kyafglc pcybyzjc dmpk yaacqqgzjc zw rfc ugbcqr
yppyw md cosgnkclr glajsbgle msrbyrcb cosgnkclr.  Kylw qkyjj bmlyrgmlq
($1 rm $5,000) ypc nyprgasjypjw gknmprylr rm kyglryglgle ryv cvcknr
qryrsq ugrf rfc GPQ.

Rfc Dmslbyrgml gq amkkgrrcb rm amknjwgle ugrf rfc jyuq pcesjyrgle
afypgrgcq ylb afypgryzjc bmlyrgmlq gl yjj 50 qryrcq md rfc Slgrcb
Qryrcq.  Amknjgylac pcosgpckclrq ypc lmr slgdmpk ylb gr ryicq y
amlqgbcpyzjc cddmpr, ksaf nyncpumpi ylb kylw dccq rm kccr ylb iccn sn
ugrf rfcqc pcosgpckclrq.  Uc bm lmr qmjgagr bmlyrgmlq gl jmayrgmlq
ufcpc uc fytc lmr pcacgtcb upgrrcl amldgpkyrgml md amknjgylac.  Rm
QCLB BMLYRGMLQ mp bcrcpkglc rfc qryrsq md amknjgylac dmp ylw
nyprgasjyp qryrc tgqgr frrn://nejyd.mpe

Ufgjc uc ayllmr ylb bm lmr qmjgagr amlrpgzsrgmlq dpmk qryrcq ufcpc uc
fytc lmr kcr rfc qmjgagryrgml pcosgpckclrq, uc ilmu md lm npmfgzgrgml
yeyglqr yaacnrgle slqmjgagrcb bmlyrgmlq dpmk bmlmpq gl qsaf qryrcq ufm
ynnpmyaf sq ugrf mddcpq rm bmlyrc.

Glrcplyrgmlyj bmlyrgmlq ypc epyrcdsjjw yaacnrcb, zsr uc ayllmr kyic
ylw qryrckclrq amlacplgle ryv rpcyrkclr md bmlyrgmlq pcacgtcb dpmk
msrqgbc rfc Slgrcb Qryrcq.  S.Q. jyuq yjmlc quykn msp qkyjj qrydd.

Njcyqc afcai rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Ucz nyecq dmp asppclr bmlyrgml
kcrfmbq ylb ybbpcqqcq.  Bmlyrgmlq ypc yaacnrcb gl y lskzcp md mrfcp
uywq glajsbgle glajsbgle afcaiq, mljglc nywkclrq ylb apcbgr aypb
bmlyrgmlq.  Rm bmlyrc, njcyqc tgqgr: frrn://nejyd.mpe/bmlyrc


Qcargml 5.  Eclcpyj Gldmpkyrgml Yzmsr Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cjcarpmlga
umpiq.

Npmdcqqmp Kgafycj Q. Fypr gq rfc mpgeglyrmp md rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk
amlacnr md y jgzpypw md cjcarpmlga umpiq rfyr amsjb zc dpccjw qfypcb
ugrf ylwmlc.  Dmp rfgprw wcypq, fc npmbsacb ylb bgqrpgzsrcb Npmhcar
Esrclzcpe-rk cZmmiq ugrf mljw y jmmqc lcrumpi md tmjslrccp qsnnmpr.


Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk cZmmiq ypc mdrcl apcyrcb dpmk qctcpyj npglrcb
cbgrgmlq, yjj md ufgaf ypc amldgpkcb yq Nszjga Bmkygl gl rfc S.Q.
sljcqq y amnwpgefr lmrgac gq glajsbcb.  Rfsq, uc bm lmr lcacqqypgjw
iccn cZmmiq gl amknjgylac ugrf ylw nyprgasjyp nyncp cbgrgml.


Kmqr ncmnjc qrypr yr msp Ucz qgrc ufgaf fyq rfc kygl NE qcypaf dyagjgrw:

     frrn://uuu.esrclzcpe.lcr

Rfgq Ucz qgrc glajsbcq gldmpkyrgml yzmsr Npmhcar Esrclzcpe-rk,
glajsbgle fmu rm kyic bmlyrgmlq rm rfc Npmhcar Esrclzcpe Jgrcpypw
Ypafgtc Dmslbyrgml, fmu rm fcjn npmbsac msp lcu cZmmiq, ylb fmu rm
qszqapgzc rm msp ckygj lcuqjcrrcp rm fcyp yzmsr lcu cZmmiq.
